You know what I do is write for children, and, in fact, I'm probably the author for children, more reading in the U.S.
And I always tell people I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can dress as a farmer or with leather clothes, and nobody has chosen a farmer.
I'm here today to talk to you about circles and epidemics.
And you know that a philosophy is generally something that falls in some place.
You just have to go back to the apple to see it as an expose.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Billiant.
It's the kind of complicated circle that I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the 1960s in the middle school, in State, Ohio where I was the rare of the class.
When they beat up every week in the bathroom, until a teacher saved me life.
She saved my life by letting me go into the teacher's room.
I did it in secret.
for three years.
And I had to go from the city.
I had a thumb, and 85 dollars, and I ended up in San Francisco, California -- I found a lover -- and in the '80s, I felt the need to start working in organizations that fought the AIDS.
About three or four years ago, half of the night I got a phone call from that teacher, the lady Poet he said, "I need to see you.
I'm disillusioned that we have adults we never get to meet.
You could come to Ohio and please bring that man who I know you've found before.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I would like you to stand up with this please."
Well, the next day we were in Clinton.
We went to see, we laughed, we cry, and we realized that she needed to be handed.
We found a place, we put it in, and we loved it and take care of his family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman who wanted to meet me as a grown-up, it became a chance of ashes and was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed up, it had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I told you was made in itself.
The expression is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I went out of it.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
I need truth and beauty, and I'm very happy today that I talked a lot about this.
It also needs -- needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, the connection is very important to me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separate from nature, and it's all interconnected.
I went for the first time to Antarctica about 10 years ago, and there I saw my first trips.
I was amazed.
My heart floated quickly, I was dizzy trying to understand what was in front of me.
The tricks around me were around the water almost 60 meters, and I couldn't even think that it was a snow of snow on another snow last year after year.
The tricks are born when they go away from glaciers or break the ice barriers together.
Every iceberg has its own individual personality.
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences.
Some of them are denied to come up and go back to the end, whereas others can't put it more and they become developed in a dramatic passion.
It's easy to think, when you see a trip, that are separate isolated and alone, in large measure as we see sometimes as humans.
But the reality is all the opposite.
As a trip melts, I am breathing its ancestral atmosphere.
As a trip releases water fresh water in minerals that feed many forms of life.
I dare to photograph these chemicals as if it would be about the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that in these unique times there are in that way and won't exist in that way again.
It's not the death when they melt, it's not a end, but a continuation of its way for the cycle of life.
Part of the ice of the tricks that photograph is very young -- it's a couple thousand years old.
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years old.
The last pictures I would like to show you about a trip that photographed in Kermitricus, Greenland.
It's very often to get to present a rolling trip.
You have it.
You can see the left one little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I would like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your flow line.
You can see here, it starts to roll, the ship has moved to the other side, and the man is standing there.
This is a trip of Greenland. </s> of average size.
It's about 120 feet or 40 meters.
This video is in real time.
And so normal, the iceberg shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, every one of a baby.
So, two couples each.
I don't want you to stop too much in the details of conception, because if you stop thinking about conception, you're not going to pay attention to me.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And on this stage, I want you to imagine that, in one case, the chromosome and the sperm joins the X chromosome.
And in the other case, the X X chromosome is joined by the X chromosome.
They both try and start life.
We'll talk about them later.
My blood activity will take two roles.
In one of my rules, I work with the history of anatomy.
I'm a house for training, and what I study in this case is the way people love the anatomy -- I mean, of human and animal bodies -- how they've considered corporate fluid, the idea of the body, what have thought about the body.
The other role that I play in my work is activist as a patient defense, or as I say sometimes impossible to people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
I've been working, for example, similar twins, two people inside one body.
I've worked with people with empty engineers, much lower than the average.
And I've worked with a lot of people with outliers, anti-community sex, individuals whose physical psychology does not fit in the male schools and conventional females.
In general lines, we can call it strategy.
Analog embraces many ways.
I'm going to put some examples in ways of ways of having a sex that doesn't fit in male or female common forms.
For example, it's the case of the individual with X-ray gas whose SETI gene of the chromosome and tells the prototypes, that we all have in the fetal life, which will become the testicle.
And then, in fetal life, testicles produce testosterone.
But because this individual lacks from testosterone, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the syndrome of sensitivity to the ants.
So, there are high levels of testosterone, but no feedback.
As a consequence, the body develops following a typical female course.
When it was born, the baby has a little girl.
It's a child. It's raised as a child.
And often, it's not until puberty, when it's growing and developing the sense, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes something is happening.
After doing it tests you realize that instead of having ovaries and three, it actually has testicles and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you can think it's a man, but it's actually not.
Women, like men, we have in the body something called sub-Saharan glands in the body.
They're at the top of the body.
Supermarket glands produce neuroscientists, machinery hormone.
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman -- I don't know its chemical structure, I believe to be a typical woman most women as I are sensitive to the antions.
We produced ants and respond to the ants.
As a result, someone like me have the brain more exposed to the antions that the woman who was born with testicles that have the syndrome of sensitivity to the antions.
So sex is something complicated. It's not that the intersections are in the middle of the spectrum, in some ways you can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago, I got a call from a 19-year-old guy born and raised as you were going to have girlfriend, and sexual relationships with her, it took a life like a boy and he had just discovered that he had ovaries and there.
He had an extreme way of a disease known as a controlled sub-Saharan hippie.
It had chromosomes, and the submersible glands were so active that in essence, they created a male hormone environment.
As a result, their genetics were mapped, their brain was exposed to the typically male hormone component machine.
I was born with a child, no one suspected anything.
And it was the age of 19, when he started having medical problems caused by the internal menstrual when doctors discovered that, in fact, it was woman in the inside.
Well, another quick example of a case of astronomy.
Some people with 20th chromosomes develop what you know as an operations, which is to say, they have an ordinary tissue wrapped on testicular tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there are many varieties of sex.
The reason why children with these kinds of bodies -- whether they are end, simulated twins, or interactive surgeries -- are going to be so normal surgeries not to be able to make better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason why you move to various surgeries is that they're an threat for our social categories.
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings up a particular identity.
We have the idea that being woman is to have female identity, supposedly, being black means to have African anatomy in historical terms.
Really simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with cancer.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individual culture.
Our nation is based on a concept of very romantic individual.
Imagine how surprising it is to have children that are born as two people inside one body.
The most expensive case is last year with the South African corridor, Carrie Sex, put his sex in the International Games Game Games.
Many journalists called to say, "What are you going to do to determine if Camera Sex is man or woman?
And I had to explain to the journalists that aren't such a test.
In fact, now we know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't bring a full line between men and women or interest and interactions and interest, and interestingly, we are us who we bring that line.
So what we have is a situation where the more advanced science, the more we have to admit that these categories -- that we thought were stable anatomical categories that are structured directly with stable identical categories, are much more difficult than we thought about.
And not only in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that happens much more complicated than the terminology will allow forever.
As we see, we get into a survivor terrain.
Let's see, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees.
What are we going to start in the fact of different than just a few nuclears?
And as we progress in science, we get more and more and more in an uncomfortable zone where we have to recognize that the simple categories that we handle are probably too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all of the movements of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States, are the struggles at the beginning and the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body takes human and has different rights to the photos.
There are very advanced discussions today -- maybe not in public -- but I know within medicine -- about when someone considers dead.
Our ancestors never had to look at this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of them put a feather in front of the nose, and if they moved yet.
If I stopped moving the understanding of it.
But today, we can, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them in another body.
And as a result, we have to address the dilemma to really determine somebody's death, and this puts us into a difficult situation where we don't have the simple categories in the past.
And you might think that this explosion of categories could make somebody like me.
In politics, I'm progressive, defining people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that I get nervous.
To consider that these categories are much more unstable.
It takes from the concept of view of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I'm an admired fervent of the Founding parents.
I know they were racist. I know they were sex, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and audacious and so radical in what they did, that I find each of them watching that music consuming "7:15 and not for music, which is totally passive.
That's what happened in 1776 with the Founding parents.
The Founding fathers were to me, the first activists of the anatomy and explain why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept and replaced it with another one that was radical and beautiful and stayed for 200 years.
And as you all remember, what our parents were rejected was the idea of monitoring. The monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy.
Old world monitors didn't know DNA, but they had clear the idea of birth of birth.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that it was going to political power on the right of the blood to the father and then the son, etc.
The Founding parents rejected that idea and replaced it by a new anatomical concept and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They leveled the game of game and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anatomy in common and not the anatomical differences. That was very radical.
And in part they were doing it because they were part of a spine system that were wasting two things.
It was wasting democracy and at the same time I was born science.
And it was very clear, if we look at the history of the Founding parents, that many were very interested in science and in the idea of a natural world.
They were distorted from supernatural explanations and therefore they rejected the concept of software software being transmitted by an idea vague of birth of birth.
They were moving into a natural concept.
And if we look, for example, the Declaration of Independence -- they talk about nature and the god of nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in fact, we were transferring the idea of anatomical coincidence.
And when we did, they were sitting the foundations of the future Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think about it that way, but they did it for us, and it was great.
And what happened years later?
And women succeed.
Then he came the success of the Civil Rights movement with people from the Christmas Christian Russia, who said, "I'm not a woman?"
We found men in the queues of the Civil Rights Movement saying, "I'm a man."
Again, people of color that applied to the anatomical encyclopedia about the anatomical difference, and again, survived.
We see the same with the Decade movement.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at the conservation, we have to start asking why we maintain certain divides.
But attention, I want to keep some anatomical divisions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give you a fish the same rights as a human.
I don't mean that we had to give us to the anatomy.
I don't mean that the five years of five were allowed to be allowed to have sexual relationships or married.
There are some anatomical divisions that make sense of me and I think we should keep it.
But the challenge is trying to figure out what they are, why to keep them, and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two creatures at the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings, both concerns in the middle of 1979, exactly the same day.
Imagine that one of them, Mary. I was born three months before time, the one of June 1980.
Henry, for the contrary, was born in terms of the top, was born on March 1, 1980.
For the only fact that I had born three months before Mary is attributed all the rights three months before Henry -- the right to the sexual consent, the right to the vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all that not because it has a different biological age, but because he was born later.
We found other races in relation to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered a man -- though I haven't told you if it's DNA: in virtue of being considered by a man of the mandatory electrode that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mary of his part, you don't have the same rights to the marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry all states with a woman, but Mary can marry with a woman just in some states.
So there are still anatomical categories that are still problematic and questionable.
And now the question is, what do we do now that science advanced so much in the field of the anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on anatomy could display?
I don't want to give up science, but at the same time sometimes I feel like science is filled up.
Where are we going?
It looks like what happens in our culture is a kind of a pragmatic attitude anti-gamp, "Well, we have to trace the line in some part, so we're going to do it."
But a lot of people are stuck in a rare position.
For example, Texas at a time has decided that to marry a man don't have to have chromosomes, and that to marry with a woman you have to have a chromosome.
Now, in practice, they don't do chemical exams to people.
But this is also very strange because of the story that I told you at the beginning of the syndrome sense of insecurity to the antions.
If we look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech, "I had dragon offers a solution.
He says that we should judge people based on the color of their skin, but in the content of their character," going beyond anatomy.
And I want to say, "Yes, the idea looks very good.
But in practice, how do you do?
How do you judge people based on the content of their character?
I want to point out as well that I'm not sure that we have to be based on this to guarantee rights to people, because I have to admit that I know of some good people who are going to be more likely to deserve social services that some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some collaborators that I know can make more thoughtful, smart decisions on their sexual relationships than people in 40 than I know.
So how do you put it in practice the issue of contract context?
It's very difficult.
And a part of me is wondering what would happen if the character of a person could be measured with an instrument, maybe with a magnetic resident.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States continues to keep this current thinking in relation to the issue of democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we'll do a good job in the future.
We don't live on, for example, in a context like Iran in which a man who feels attracted by other men is susceptible to be killed, unless it's willing to move to a sex change, in whose case is allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked to a couple of years ago that he had made light twin self-descended and then separate them and then raise his fame.
But when the phone asked him the engine of operation -- it was a very risky operation, I replied that in that other country, these children would be very nuanced and therefore I had to do it.
And I said, "Well, have you considered political asylum.
America offers huge possibilities to people to be who they are without forcing them to change for the good of the state.
So I think we have to be on the head.
Well, to conclude, I mean, I've been talking a lot about parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be, or as it could have been, if we had given greater involvement to the mothers.
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist -- and that is that I think there can be different ideas coming from different anatomic topology, in particular if there are people thinking about groups.
For years ago, since I've been interested in interacting -- I've also been interested in researching sexual difference.
And one of the things that has interested me is differences between men and women in the way of thinking and operating in the world.
And what we know about traditional studies is that women, in average, not all, but in average, tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to occupy those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
So years ago, when I was in grad school, one of my advisers who knew that I was interested in the feminism -- I was feeling feminist -- like now. It made me a strange planet."
"Tell me what the female has female?
And I thought, "It's the dumbest question I've ever heard.
Feminism has to do with representing gender stereotypes, so there's nothing female in the feminist."
But the more I've thought about his question, has been like that there is something female in the feminist.
I mean, there might be something -- in average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attention to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So the parents were very upset to find the way to protect people from the state, and it's possible that, if you injected more mothers to this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with reciprocal support.
And maybe that's what we need to do in the future when we have democracy beyond the anatomy of the anatomy -- think less in the individual body, in terms of identity, and thinking more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect ensemble, we think about what we do each other.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided that we had to rethink how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where it wants to go live and work and have the possibility to choose between a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents to it.
Well, right now, we are far away from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't count with a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they're worth much more than their cost of construction costs.
So we could easily deliver the world tens of people, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can be surprised if you've never thought about new cities.
But they just replace them by apartment buildings.
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartments are already property and that the other half will still fail to do it.
You could try to increase the ability to do amplified in all existing buildings.
But you know that the problem you face is that those buildings and areas that surround them have rules to avoid the nuisance and the distractions of the construction.
So it would be very difficult to do all of those amazing.
But you could go to a completely new place, build a completely new apartment building, and when the rules of that place facilitate the construction instead of putting it out.
So I proposed that governments create new reform zones of reform enough to contain cities and gave them a name: cities under state.
I later learned that roughly at the same time, Java and Ocean were thinking about the challenge of refugee Honduras.
They knew that every year around 75,000 households would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009, Honobalian went through a destructive constitutional crisis.
In the next regular elections, Pentury Loben imposed with a platform in which it promises reforms and at the same time reconciliation.
He asked October to be his boss of gaps.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal.
Through a process of perception, trial and error and a huge amount of tests with users, tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under status to their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of rules, like those rules that say you can't go and make all the current restaurants of apartments.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but it takes both technologies like rules to progress, and usually it's the rules that prevent us to move forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala sent it to eighth a link with the TEDTalk.
I showed it to Java.
They called me.
They said, "We propose this to the leaders of our country."
So in December we met in Miami, in a conference room from a hotel.
I tried to explain to you this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this image that shows the value of the terrain in a place like New York -- and see, the terrain that, in some cases, worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion and at some point, when a pause, October said, "Payax, maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk Talk."
And the talk described in very simple terms, that a city under the status is a place where you start with depressed terrain -- a status that specifies the rules that will apply there and an option so that people can choose if they want to go or not live under those rules.
So the president of London called me and told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the way for our country to move forward.
He asked me to go to Talk and talk about the four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, who tried to explain that to make a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Dennet, and the white line is the new airport that was built in Dennister.
Just this airport covers over 100 square miles.
So I was trying to convince the honesty that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that measures at least 20,000 square miles.
That's more than 100,000 acres.
Everyone applaud controlled.
The public faces were very serious and attached.
The Congress leader came up to the platform and said, "Professor Rome, thank you so much for your talk, but maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk.
I have it here in my computer."
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explained the essentials that a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be a choice of a city that could be in Honduras.
And it also includes new choices for leaders.
Because the government leaders of London needed help of associated countries, they could benefit from the associated countries that would help them establish and make the status of the state, so that everybody could trust that the status is effectively constructed.
And we went and saw a site.
This picture is from there.
It could be easily a thousand square miles.
And shortly later, the 19 of January, voted in Congress to expand their Constitution and add a constitutional arrangement that would allow these special regions of development.
In a country that was just going through this painful crisis, the voting in Congress in favor of this constitutional embarrassment was 144 to one.
All the parties in society, all the factors in society, solves.
To include the Constitution -- you have to spend twice in Congress.
The February 17 was passed again in another voting of 112,000 to one.
Immediately after the voting of voting, 21 to February 24, a denial of about 30 households went to the two places in the world that are more interested in participating in the building of cities.
One is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new big center of the city that's being built in South Korea. It's bigger than the Boston center.
All you see there was built in four years, after four years getting the permission.
The other country was interested in building cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China, and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this practical way, this is the point where we are.
They have a site, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They're preparing a legal system that will allow the administrators to come from, and then allow them to operate under an external legal system.
A country has been committed to allow its Court Supermarket to be the last instant triangle for this new judicial system.
There are urban urbanism and building builders, which are very interested in the project.
You can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know has solved is that they have a good number of residents.
There are many companies who wanted to install in the Americas, especially in a place with a free trade zone, and there's a lot of people who would like to go to live there.
In the world there are 700 million people who say they would like to change immediately somewhere else.
There's a million a year that comes out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave their family to go to get a work, sometimes they're unwed mothers that have to earn the money for just eating or buying clothes.
Sadly, sometimes there are children who are trying to meet their parents who haven't seen in some cases, in a decade.
So what does it look like to think about the building of a new city in Hungers."
Or build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these all around the world?
What does it look like to think about insisting that families can choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my honest friends asked me to say, "Thank you TED.
I'm Jesus, and this is my value.
But before I show you what there is inside, I'm going to make a public conference, and it's that I live obsessed with the suit.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, photographing and publish in my blog and brought around travelers, colorful, different for every ocean.
But I don't buy anything new.
All of my clothes is a second hand of public markets and second hand stores.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my grade in the environment and in my wallet.
I get to know interesting people -- usually my money goes to a good cause. My aspect is unique.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Is my talk from my store?
Would you like the color?
Will it cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel that I've won.
Going back to the theme of my volume, I want to tell you what I really love for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what is someone who has all that cloud?"
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought in.
I've brought seven pairs of inner clothes, and nothing else.
International robot for exactly a week is all I put in my value.
I imagine that it would be able to find everything else that I wanted to use after I got here to Palm Springs.
And because they don't know me as the woman who walks for TED in the inner clothes,  that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the troops for this week.
Doesn't it sound interesting.
While I do that, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that I believe or not, I have learned in this adventure of not using new clothes.
Let's start with Sunday.
This is called a brilliant trip.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see good.
You almost always see you phenomenal for less than 50 dollars.
All the convent, including the jacket, cost 50, and it's the most expensive thing I've ever used in the week.
Monday, color is energy.
It's almost precisely impossible to be bad humor, when you're looking at a bright red painting.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other people happy.
Mars," the integration is submitted.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time.
I just know yourself.
If you surround the right people, you won't just understand you, you will also appreciate you.
Microsoft, guide of the child that you carry in.
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to play the disappoints, or I remember your little seven years.
I like to show you and say, "Thank you.
You see, trust is the key.
If you think you do well with something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't see it well with something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the age of 30 that I really understood his meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your interior and outside, there's no look you can't get in.
So there's no excuse for anybody in this audience.
We should be able to achieve everything we want to do.
Thank you.
Vietnames: A real number six words for you: The golden lions go with everything.
And finally, supported, develop a personal and unique style, is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tested it over and over again when people came up with me this week simply for what I was using, and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously all of this is not going to go into my little value.
So before I go home, to Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn about this week is that you have to leave behind certain things.
I don't need to get emotionally to these things, because in the back of the corner, there will always be another crazy suit, colorful, brilliant suit, if there's a little love in my heart and search for it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide in two parts.
The left side, which is the logic, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So, if we use a scale to measure the application of every hemisphere, we could design a plane of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who is completely logical.
This would be somebody who's totally intuitive.
So where's your brain on this scale?
Some of these extreme people will opt for one of these extreme things, but I think for most of the ingredients of this audience, their brain is something like that, with a great attitude in both heroes at the same time.
It's not that they are exciting exceptions.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider one of those people, that just like most other physical quantum physicists, we need a lot of logic to concentrate these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need a lot of intuition to make experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition? Well, we like to play with things.
We get to play with them, and then we see as reaction, and then we develop our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
A certain intuition that can have developed over the years is the one that says that one thing can be only in one place at a time.
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you weren't born with this notion -- they develop it.
I remember looking at a kid playing in a parking bar.
He was a small kid, and he didn't do it very well, it always fell down.
But I bet that the game with that parking bar taught him a valuable lesson -- and it is that big things don't allow them to transportation, and they stay in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that you can have in the world, except you're a particle physicist.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play with parking walls, play with these strange little particles.
And when you play with their particles, they discover that they do all kinds of really rare things -- like they can go through walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations and they called quantum mechanics theory.
At that point, it was the physics a few years ago -- you need quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But you didn't need it to describe the big objects that surround us every day.
That didn't fit very well to my intuition, and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen it.
I mean, no one saw a particles.
But it didn't fit well to my logical side.
Because if everything is made of little particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then shouldn't all of us follow the principles of quantum mechanical medicines?
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And therefore I would feel much better if I could somehow demonstrate that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that has been in a quantum mechanical supermarket.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green point right in the middle.
That's the metal point I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to expand a little bit. It's right in the center.
And then here we do a good approach to the small metal trip.
What we see is a little little bit of metal metal, and it is a springboard form and it supports in a platform.
And then I did this almost the same way you would make a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip, and I put all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to make this procedure a form of swimming path that is under the device.
This device has the ability to be in quantum superconductor, but it needs a little help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm in an elevator alone, I do all kinds of weird things, but then when other people come up to stop doing those things, because I don't want to bother them, or actually scare it.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The travel companies of inanimate objects are not only people, it's also the light that shines it and the wind that goes on the side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this piece of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to drive all the other passengers.
And that's what we did.
We took the lights off, then we introduced a vacuum and we extracted all the air, and then we cool it to a temperature of less than a degree above the absolute zero.
Now, by being just in the electronic, the little piece of metal is free to act as it wants.
So we measure their movements.
We discovered that it moved in very strange forms.
Instead of perfectly still lie, I was vibrating. And the way I was vibrating was like a breathing in this form -- as a field that expanded and contract.
And when you give it a smooth impulse, we could make it live and not the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that a virtual thing means and not lived at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In one case -- all the trillion atoms of atoms that trust that metal piece of metal are left and at the same time, those same atoms are moving up and down.
It's just in certain instant when those are lined.
Over the rest of the time they're deliberately.
I mean, every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means that all the metal bits are in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
I was worth coming up in a clean room to do this for all those years -- because, look at this, the difference in scale between one atom and that metal little metal is more or less the same as the difference between that metal period of metal and you.
So if one single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that metal piece of metal can be in two different places, why not you all all you too?
I mean, it's my logical part that I talk about.
So imagine if you were in various places at the same time, how would that be?
How do you make your consciousness if your body would be displaced in space?
There's another part of the story.
And it's when we heat it, and we put the lights and look inside the box, we saw that the metal followed there in a single piece.
And I could get to this new intuition, apparently all objects in the elevator are actually only quantum objects that are just made in a small space.
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's deeper.
So those connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are, and that's the deep queerness of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Bira.
And 18 months ago I was doing another work in Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related with museums and art to my boss that is here and allowed me to take it up.
It took me 18 months.
Many negotiations and stories, I assure you, with 17 very interesting museums in nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on the demand.
There are lots of stories of why we did.
I think my own story is explained just in this slide and this is access.
I grew up in India.
A big education God -- I didn't complain -- but I didn't have access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and going to museums, I started learning a lot.
And working on Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible through technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
Better to show the demo to then explain a couple of interesting things that we've taken from their launch.
So just just go to Google.
Look around all the museums that there is.
There's the Galapago Office, the MoM, the Europe, the Richard, the Good Google.
I'm actually going to go into one of my favorites, to Metropolitan, the art museum in New York City.
There are two ways to do it -- very simple.
We click and step, we're already inside the museum.
No matter where you are, Bombay, or Mexico, that doesn't really matter.
You move around and you get fun.
Do you want to navigate for the museum?
We open up the top of the top, and with one click, we jumped in.
They're inside, you want to go at the end of the hall.
They keep going.
They explore.
Thank you, but I haven't reached the best.
I'm now in front of one of my favorite paintings, "The Brown Persine Copernics in Metropolitan.
I see the sign of it.
If the museum shows us the image, we click there.
See, this is one of the images.
Here's all of the metadata.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call the geographical technology.
So this image, for example, has, I think, about 10,000 million pixels.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get with 10,000 million people?
So I'll show you what you really get with 10,000 million pixels.
It can be made around a very simple way.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you really want to be profound.
So I started playing, and I found something that happened there.
And I said, "A moment, this seems interesting.
I went in, and I discovered that kids were actually playing something.
And a little bit, I talked to some people in the Metropolitan -- and I actually discovered that this is a game called uncovered property, which is in hitting an eye with a pole with the Tuesday Tuesday.
And it looks very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to move even deeper and see that you can actually get even the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to get away the image, so you'll see what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing is to come, a second.
So now we're going to quickly jump back to MoMA in New York.
Here's another one of my favorites, "The night startles."
The example I showed you was to find details.
But what if you want to look at the pills?
And if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this teacher proper?
He increases it and it really achieves it.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this painting, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is "The night startly: I think I had never seen this before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions.
There are a lot of things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part. It's called "Collections."
All of you, absolutely everyone, no matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a management, that gives the same.
You can actually create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we enter -- I've created this function that I call "The Power of the Come -- we just made a round around us.
This is "The "The Books National Gallery in London.
You can tie things, send them to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel when you contemplating these masterpieces to contemplate.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all amazing things don't really come from Google.
No, in my opinion, they even don't come from the museums.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
They actually come from those artists.
And that's been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium I do justice to your art of art, and it's represented properly online.
And the big question you do today is: "Do you do this to repeat the experience of going to a museum?
And the answer is no.
It is to make the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
Think it's a pixel -- a flying pixel shop.
In our lab, we call it sensitive design.
Let me tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I'm from Italian origins, all the kids in Italy grow with this picture on the wall of their bedroom. But the reason I show you this is that something really interesting has happened in Formula 1 in the last two decades.
There was some time ago, if you wanted to win a France of Formula 1, I took a budget and I used it to a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good enough, you won the race.
This is what in engineering, it's called real time system system.
It's essentially a system that has two components, a sensor and an accident.
Now the interesting thing is that control systems in real time are starting to enter in our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered from networks and electronics.
They're becoming computers to free air.
And as such, they're starting to respond differently and can be detected and accessible.
Building cities is a big thing.
As I noticed I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the power of the planet, but they represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of the energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond cities, all these detectors and activists are entering our everyday objects.
This is from a Palestine English exhibition in the MoMA English, during the summer.
It's called "The Tolethine Maleunt Man."
Well, our objects, the environment, start to talk to us.
In a way, it's like almost all of the existing atoms were going to become sensors, actions.
And that's changing the interaction that we as humans have with the outside environment.
In a sense, it's almost like the old sleep of Michelangelo.
You know, when Michelangelo collected the Moshon, he says that at the end he took the hammer, and he brought it to the Mosemband -- you can still see a little mountain underneath -- and he said, "Green, not shooting shop! Why don't you talk about?
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk to us.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples.
Let's start with detection.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a very lucky summer in 2006.
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup.
Maybe some of you remember it, they played Italy and France, and at the end of the Zimbabwe gave the heart.
And anyway, at the end of the end of Italy.
Now let's see what happened that day looking at the activity happening in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the Columbia in the middle and the TED River.
It's the morning, before play.
The time line is at the top.
On the early evening, there are people around here, and there making calls and moving around.
It begins the party, silence.
France de France, Golden from Italy.
Motion, people make a quick call and go to the bathroom.
Second time, regulating time.
First extra time, second.
Zimbabwe, and at a moment, heart.
Gandhi Italy, yes!
That night they were all going to celebrate the center.
There you see the big peak.
The next day everybody went to the center of the winning team and the first minister of the time.
And then everybody went down.
You see the image of the place called Cyrus Massachuse where, from the romantic time, people are going to celebrate, it's a big party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the pulse of the city in a way that we wouldn't do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection: not about people, but things we use and consume.
Today we know everything about the process of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac math, how they are something like it.
But we know very little about where things go.
So in this project, we developed some small tags to track the trash in its spring by the system.
We started with volunteers that were helping us in Seattle a little more than a year ago, to label what they were traveling in, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that all of us are going to throw into.
Then we put a little chip, a tag to the trash, and then we started tracking it.
These are the results.
I stand from Seattle.
after a week.
With this information, we realized that there's a lot of influence in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
These are data that they didn't exist.
They are going on complicated things, and there's a lot of unnecessary transport.
But the other thing we think is that if you look at every day that the cup that we bring up doesn't disappear, it's still somewhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle that we bring up one day is still there.
That if we show that to people, then we can promote some behavioral change.
That was the reason for the project.
My colleague at MIT, Asaa Bioxing, could tell us a lot more about detecting and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple years ago in Zara.
It all started with a question of the mayor of the city, who came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of the use of water in public spaces in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology can, new technology, will you join that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT in a workshop was, imagine that they have a chaos and valves of sunny soldiers, languages that open and shut down.
It's created as a water curtain, with water pixels with water.
If the pixels can be written in them, show patterns, images, text.
And when you zoom in, the curtain will open up so we can happen, as you see in the picture.
We presented this to Mayor Bell.
He liked a lot.
And I set up a commission to design the building to the entrance of the Experiment.
We call it Digital waters.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no doors or windows and when you approach it open up so you can happen.
The roof is also covered of water.
And if there's a little bit of wind, if you want to minimize the spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual stars, it goes down the roof.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears, like in this case.
Those days always will be somebody, in the winter, when they go down the roof, somebody who was there and said, "Take the building."
No, it's not that you have it, but when it goes down almost all the architecture goes away.
Here's in work.
You see the people who are intrigued by what's happening inside.
And here I'm myself trying not to get to test the sensors that open the water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All of the children in Zara came to the building, because the way to interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to let me happen, but a building that kept making slices and water holes and one had to jump to me.
(Audience noises) And for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think about using people to give us to our designs.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And it's the beauty of doing things to interact, that people use.
This is an image of the building with physical pixels, the weeks of water, and of projects on them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine you could have little helicopters in the air and each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one that we saw before it moves with others in sync.
We could form this cloud.
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where what changes is light, not the position of the pixels.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen appears in different scales and sizes, in different kinds of resolution.
And then all of that could a cloud of pixels in 3D where you can zoom in, and go back, and see from very different angles.
This is the real collaborative Play, going down to form a Vietnam, like before.
When the light comes together, you see this. The same thing we saw earlier.
Imagine each of them controlled by one person.
We can have every pixel with an entrance that comes from people, the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Bollywood -- one of the best ballet dancers in today's bank dancers and the Millennium School, to capture their 3D movements and use them as a purpose for the Play.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the pixels, the capture in different resolution.
It's so much 3D digital in real time as a movement capture.
It can rebuild all the movement.
You can go through the whole path.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and routine.
We want to use this as a possible entry to the Play.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment -- almost as a crisis of clouds -- like a grain break, but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could make everybody would donate a little bit for a pixel.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last few years is that, in the last two decades, we spent the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything like knowledge, and it's accessible to the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and the Obama campaign showed us -- we can move from the digital world, of the self-organized power of networks, the physical world.
In our case, this might be able to use it to design and make a symbol.
That would mean something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today, think about climate change or CO2 emissions, how will the digital world go from the digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can get people involved in doing this together, collectively.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a particle cloud.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud are pixels.
It's a physical structure in London, but it covered pixels.
You can move inside, make different experiences.
You can see from below, it can serve to share the main moments of the 2012 Olympic Games and even more, and it can be used as a form of connection with the community.
So it's so much a physical cloud of the sky as something that you can rise, like a new top of London.
You can enter there.
Like a new digital sign at night, but most importantly, it will be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than they are?
Suppose I told you that, with just a few changes in their genes, you could improve memory -- for a more precise, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe you would like to be in better ways, to be stronger, to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and secure of themselves?
What about good health?
Or maybe these people who wanted to be more creative.
What are you going to like them?
What would you like if you could choose something?
(Music Member: Creativity."
How many people choose creativity?
Raise your hand. Let me see you.
All of us probably got to the number of creative people present.
That's very good.
How many of you choose the memory?
Some more.
And the physical state?
A little less.
How about level?
Oh, most of that makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have something about the world it would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or maybe be possible?
Evolution has been a proper theme here at the TED conference, but today I want to give you the gaze of a doctor on the subject.
The great generation of the 20th century, TV, Rosen, who was also programmed at the Hotel Russia Church, wrote a terrifying essay "Where makes sense of the light of the evolution."
But if you effectively accept biological evolution consider this: it's just the past, or the future?
Does it refer to others or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch -- well at one end, it is, of course, the one that interests us.
We have a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
In the intervening there has been perhaps 20 or 25 different species of homosexuals.
Some have gone back and forth.
We have been here about 130 years old.
It might seem that we're very far away from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, mostly the basic machinery of our cells is roughly the same.
Do you realize that we can leverage and control the machinery of a common bacterium to produce the protein of the human insulin that is used to treat diabetes?
This is not like human insulin instance, but it's the same protein, chemically invisible, that it comes out of the pancreas coming out.
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all take in the most bacteria that the cells we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, think about -- when Antonio Maria puts them out of the immunity -- think about bacteria?
Institute is a wonderfully hospitable environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, home, it's very empty.
And we're going to provide all the nutrients that can want no effort from their parts.
It's really like a quick pathway for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some force force to the output.
But for others, we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life.
They help digest essential nutrients, and they protect us from certain diseases.
But what does the future?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary equilibrium as a species?
Or destined to become something different, something perhaps better adapted to the environment?
In this vast inclusive symphony of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief company, the animal kingdom, as one and unique company, and human life, a small note of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk, so I hope you have enjoyed it.
When I got invited to university I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by the elegance and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental -- in most of the existence of life, in the single-celled organisms, every cell simply divided and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two daughters card.
But when the multicellular organisms appear, things start to change.
It enters sexual reproduction.
And something very important, with the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens the genome, the rest of the body is presented.
In fact, you could say that the inevitability of death of the body enters evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction.
I have to tell you that when I was a university student, I thought, well, sex, sex, death for sex -- seemed quite reasonable at that time, but with every year I went by, every year I had more doubt.
I got to understand the feelings of George Burna, who still act in the Good Venture Vegas in his 90s.
And one night someone hit your hotel doorstep.
He opens the door.
In front of it, it finds a magnificent little dance of clothes.
He looks at it and says, "Come in search for a sex sex."
"It's right: George says, "I choose the soup."
I realized, as a doctor, who was working on a different aim at the goal of evolution, not necessarily contributing, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to stay healthy.
I wanted to recover health in disease.
I wanted us to live more and more healthy.
Evolution is going to happen to the next generation, adapting and survival generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you and I are as reinforcing rockets designed to send the genetic burden into the next orbital level, and then let us fall into the sea.
I think we would all understand the feeling that you express World Allen when he said, "I don't want to get the immortality through my work.
I want to make it not dying."
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the bigger or the strongest or the faster and even the smartest and even the most smart one.
Evolution favors the better creatures to their environment.
That's the only test of survival and success.
In the bottom of the ocean the terrorist bacteria that can survive the heat of the smokers that will produce, if there were fish there, fish in the vacuum, yet they have managed to do that a computer environment.
So what does this mean when we look at what's happening in evolution, and if we go back to thinking about the place of humans in evolution, and in particular, if we look forward for the next phase -- I would say there are a lot of possibilities.
The first is that we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, first of all, we've known to preserve a lot of genes that would otherwise have been discarded and removed from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we've built our environment to adapt to us as well as we were adapting to him.
And by the way, we migrated around, and we're so excited that it's no longer possible to have the resilience necessary for evolution to happen.
One second possibility is that you produce an evolution of traditional type, natural stuff, tax for the forces of nature.
And the argument here is, that the engines of evolution will be disappeared, but they're unexpected.
And in terms of the synchrony: when a species we colonize distant planets are going to be the isolation and the environmental changes that can produce evolution in a natural way.
But there is a third possibility -- attractive, resourceful, terrifying possibility.
The so-called negotiation, the new evolution, which is not just natural -- but guided and chosen for us as individuals in the decisions we will take.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we do this?
We first consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more variations than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what is elected at the individual and family level.
Think as well as possible to be able to choose not only the sex of its description, but in your own body to make genetic adjustments to cure or prevent disease.
What if we could make genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or Alzheimer's or reduce cancer risk or eliminate the airport?
Would you not want to make those changes in your genes.
If we look at the future that kind of changes is going to be more and more possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and 10 years ago.
It costs 2.3 million dollars.
The next year of having ended, in 2004, I could do the same job for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a full sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome to a nearby cost at the age of 20,000 and a week.
It will not be a lot to make the human genome reality for 1,000 and getting more and more at the scope of all.
So those changes are coming.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves, but they're going to induce immunity against other viruses.
Believe or there is no experimental trial in course with the vaccine against culture in cells of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good that comes out of the traffic?
That's reality today, and the future is going to be increasingly possible.
Imagine just two other little changes?
Can you change the cells of your body, but if you could change the cells of your descendant?
And if you could change the sperm and the cars, or change the really recognitive tuna, and give your children a better chance of a healthier life, eliminate diabetes, eliminate the homophobic, reduce the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want any more healthy children?
And then, that same analytical technology, that same engine of science that can produce changes to prevent disease is going to allow us to also embrace a hyper-regional spread -- a better memory.
Why not have the ingenuity of a Ken Jenning especially if you could increase it with the next generation of the Water machine.
Why not have a most fast contribution muscle that allows us to run faster and more distance?
Why not live more time?
This is going to be inexplained.
And when we are in conditions of passing this to the next generation, and we can embrace the attributes that we wanted to make evolution of before in the negotiation.
We're going to take a process that normally could take 100,000 years and we can compress it to 1,000 years and maybe happened within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have in front of them.
Are we going to use these choices in a better society, more successful society, more consider?
Or are we going to pick up selectively different attributes that we want for some of us, but not for the others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more underlying or more robust and more survivor?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the most profound thing about all, are we going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit wisdom necessary to make these decisions?
For good or bad, and before what you might think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a big explosion when you're at 900 feet high.
Imagine a plane full of smoke.
Imagine a engine making clarity, click, class.
Of course, of course, of course, clearly, clearly sounds.
Well, I had a unique seat that day. I was sitting in the 17th.
It was the only one who could talk to flight antennae.
So immediately, I looked at them, and they said, "There is no problem. We probably hit some birds."
The pilot had already looked at the plane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot lined the plane with the Hudson River.
It's usually not the route.
It took the motors.
Imagine being in an airplane and without noise.
And then he said three words ...
The three words most likely to have heard.
He said, "You will prepare for the impact."
I didn't have to talk more with the flight assistant.
I could see it in your eyes.
Life was over.
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in a second.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get and I didn't do that, all the fences I wanted to represent, all the experiences I've wanted to have and I never had.
While I thought about that later, I got a sentence, which is, "Collection came bad."
Because if the wine is ready, and the person is there, I'm going to open it out.
I don't want to apply anything in life.
And that urgency, that purpose, really has changed my life.
The second thing that I learned that day -- and this is as we stopped the George Washington, Washington Bridge -- I thought about World, I really feel a great weigh.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and with my mistakes I've tried to improve in everything I did.
But in my humanity, I also gave place to my ego.
And I read the time that I wasted in things that don't matter with people that matter.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as a middle of that, I decided to eliminate the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels wonderful.
I don't try to be right. I choose to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock is disappearing, 15, 14, 13."
You see the water.
I'm saying, "Please go."
I don't want this to be broken in 20 pieces as you see in those documents.
And as we went down, I had the feeling of, World, die not fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go. I love my life.
And that sadness came in a single thought, which is, just wish one thing.
I wish I could see my children grow.
A month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of artistic talent -- yet.  And scream.
And for me, that was the whole reason for being the world.
At that point, I understood, when I connect those two points that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
For most of all, the only goal that I have in life is to be a good father.
I became a miracle, not to die that day.
And I came up with another gift that was the chance to look at the future and go back and live differently.
You are flying today, the challenges to imagine that the same thing happens on your airplane -- and please not like this -- but imagine, and how would you change?
What do you do, they still hope to do because they think they're going to live forever.
How do you change their relationships and the negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are the best parents who can have?
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most great thing I worked on was for this guy.
The guy called TEDxons.
TEDx was one of the most important graffiti graphs in the '80s.
One day he came to his house after running and said, "Dad, I feel a love in the legs.
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Today TEDx has a total paralysis.
You can only use your eyes.
His work influenced me.
I have a design firm and animation, so obviously, graffiti is something intricate that we admire and respect in the art world.
So we decided that we were going to sponsor Tony, TEDx, and his cause.
So I went and reunited with his brother and father and said, "We're going to give you this money.
What are you going to do with you?"
And his brother said, "I just want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him, and he will be able to communicate with me.
And I said, "A second, not that I have seen Stephen Hawkingon. It's not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those shows that are showing up?
And he said, "No, unless you're important and you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people.
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate then?"
Does anybody see the movie "The Scrubs and the massive?"
They communicate in that way -- they're running with the finger.
I said, "That's architectural. How can it be?"
So I presented with the only desire to deliver a check, and rather than that signed up a graph that didn't have the least idea of how it was going to cover us.
I committed to his brother and with his father there at that precise time, "All right, this is the treaty: Tony is going to talk to you, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to go back to make his art again.
Because it's ridiculous.
So I talked in a conference a couple months later.
I met these guys called Bruce Gravity's Lab," who have a technology that allows them to project a light in any surface, and then with a laser point, they draw on that and record the negative space.
So they go around making art facilities like this.
All the things that appear, they say, are part of a life cycle.
First they start with sexual organs, then with the bad words, then with the attacks to Bush and at the end, people start doing art.
But there was always a cycle of life in his presentation.
And so he started the journey.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization, after a lot of organization, we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the gates of insurance companies, and we got a machine so that Texas could communicate, a machine like Stephen Hawking machine.
Which was great.
And seriously, it is the most fun. I call him a New because when you talk to the guy you get an email of it, and you say, "I don't deserve it. This guy is great!
The other thing we did was bring seven programmers around the world literally from all the corners on the planet, and our home.
My wife, kids and I, we moved to the garage and these hackers and the programmers and progressive and conservatives and analysis took the control of the house.
Many of our friends thought we did something completely stupid and when we returned to the walls of the walls and in their place there would be graffiti.
But for two weeks, we went to the breast care of Venice, my son was part of my dog, and we created this.
It's called Edinburgh Climate -- and you can see the description.
They're a couple of cheap subjects that we buy in the sea Card of Venice Beach, some copper and Home Department and Radia Sharkly and Radio Shark.
We take a PSA camera, we open it, we mounted it on a light of LED and now there's a device that is free -- and it builds yourself -- we publish free code -- the software goes down free.
And we created a device that has no limitation at all.
There is no insurance company.
There's no hospital that can say no."
Anyone with paralysis today has access to drawing and communicating.
Thank you.
Thank you very much to you. That was awesome.
So at the end of the two weeks we went back to the TED room.
I love this picture because this is the room of another person, and that's his room.
There was all this bubble and oil during the great opening.
And after more than a year of planning, two weeks of programming, intense sessions.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life, and it's looking through the support system of your life.
We ran the bed, so I could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the statement outside the hospital.
And he went back to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and imagine what the feeling was in parking stage.
The funny thing was that we had to explore in parking systems, so we feel like we were redefining graffiti as well.
At the end of this he sent us an email and this was what he said, "This was the first time I drew in seven years.
I felt like I had been under the water, and somebody finally came to rescue and pull me out there so I could breathe.
Isn't it wonderful?
That is our war scream.
That's what keeps us in motion, developing us.
And we have a long way to go back with this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a magic screen.
Someone with this artistic potential deserve a lot more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and fast.
Since then, we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've won a lot of prizes.
Remember, it's free. None of us are making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The prizes were the guy, "Oh, this is fantastic.
Armstrong tweet something about us, and then, in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the best 50 inventors in 2010, and it was really cool.
The best thing about this -- and this is what ends out of closing the circle -- is that in April this year at the George Center at the center of Los Angeles is going to be an exhibition called Art on the Streets."
And Art in the streets is going to have the best exponential art exponential art exponentially, Sahara France, Christians. All of them are going to be there.
TEDx is going to be in the show, which is quite impressive.
So basically this is my idea: if you see something that is not possible, make it possible.
Nothing that is in this room was possible -- the stage, the computer, the microphone, the Elevated, nothing was possible at a certain time.
Make it possible, anything about this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with ocular recognition, I just recognized something and I partnered with wonderful people to be able to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want all of us to do every day when we find something that we have to do -- if it's not now, when I'm not me, who?"
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years getting in very difficult situations and at the same time a lot of dangerous.
I went to prison, hard.
I worked on a coal mine. Dangerous dance.
I filmed in war zones, difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating just this -- fun at first, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career I've been diving up in horrible appearance situations with the only goal of trying to try and examine social questions in ways that are attractive, interesting, and, hopefully, analyze them in a way that is understood and accessible for the audience.
So when I knew that I would come here to make a TEDTalk about the world of frames, and the pattern wanted to do something a little differently.
So some of you may have heard, or not, a couple weeks ago I took an airplane in Edi.
I sent some messages in Facebook, some on Twitter, offered in selling the names of my TEDTalk TEDTalk.
What had been the following, "Hunter Sun Presental: my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it is and according to content could explain it on the face, especially if I put it in ridiculous to you or your company when I do it.
But I said, this is a very good media opportunity.
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
Thank you.
It's a program in progress, by the way.
So even with that sanda, I knew someone was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you asked it a year ago I would not have been able to tell you with certainty.
But in the new film that I'm working on, we examined the marketplace of marketing, of advertising.
And as I said, I have become horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could prepare me, nothing could anticipate for something as difficult or as dangerous as entering the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a film.
Morgan School: I want to make a film that deals with product collection, marketing and advertising, and that all the film is funded with a collection of products, marketing and advertising.
The movie is going to call "The largest movie ever saved."
What happens in "The biggest next movie is that all of the top down the bottom is that all of the top at the bottom, beginning to end, has market images, all the time, from the assignment that appears before the title of the title.
Now this brand now Chambot State, the State Center State.
These people will be applied to the pick for perpetuative forever.
And so the film explores all this idea. (Microscope Kasainly, is reduced." Is it what? (Misley: It's reduced."
I'm a redundant peni. (Misley, I just say it -- it was more for childhood.
It was "Please." forever."
But we're not only going to have the X particle of the X in the title but we're going to make sure that we can bring all the categories that we can in the film.
Maybe we sold a shoe and it becomes the most cool shoe that you have used to.
The most great car that you have led in "The biggest name of the moment ever saved -- the best trick you have been, correspond of "The largest movie ever saved."
Favority's fact -- the idea is, as well as part of the life, make them fund the film? Mom," make the film fund the film, MS: And actually show the whole process of how it works.
The target of the whole film is transparency.
You're going to see all the process in this film.
That's the whole idea, all the film -- first at the end.
And I would love that CEO helps to make it happen.
Robert Friedman, you know, is funny, because it's the first time I hear that -- it's the maximum respect for the audience.
GM: However, I don't know how recent people are going to be.
KF: You have a perspective.  I don't know if "not "not "natural is very negative. (Music -- "We know how it's going to represent?
MS: One and a half million dollars. (CA: All right! John Kamuen," I think it's going to be hard to meet the meeting with them, but certainly it's going to be worth convincing a couple of big brands.
KF: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the film comes out to us as a bunch of grasses games.
MS: What do you think it's going to be the answer?
Stuart Russia: Most of the answers will be "No."
MS: But will it be hard to sell it, for the film or to be me?
JK: Both things.
MS: ... -- it means you're not very optimistic.
So help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right. (Move: Okay.) Awesome.
MK: We have to think about what brands.
MS: Yeah. KM: That's the challenge: when you look at the people you have to deal with.
MK: We have some places where to go. (Male: Okay. Turn on the camera.
MS: I thought that the camera meant we have a conversation outside of microbes.
Turn out the camera means "We don't want to know anything about your movie?
MS: And so it was, one for one, all these companies suddenly disappeared.
None wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was shocked.
They didn't want to know anything with this project.
And I was very impressed. I thought the concept of advertising, was to introduce the product to as many people as possible, to make so many people see it as possible.
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media and the secret media scenario, isn't the idea to tell that new vehicle worthy of attention that is going to lead the message to the masses.
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a gravity error, and that mistake was this.
No, there was no mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been fine.
But the problem was what represents this picture.
See, when you look for the transportation images in Google --   This is one of the first images that come out.
I like your way, Sergey Brins. No.
This was the problem: transparency, free of simulation or deception -- easily determined or seen -- easily understanding or seen -- easily understanding, which is characterized by the visibility or accessibility, especially in business practices, being the last line perhaps the biggest problem.
You see, we hear a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name, the president of the name, even the CEOs name it.
But all of a sudden when it comes to doing it really something changes suddenly.
But why? Well, transparency gives fear --  -- like that weird bear that is still ruled.
It's unpredictable.   Like this rare rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is it risk?
Take a whole range of Coke Who.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and telling you that we wanted to tell this story and said, "No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you tell our story."
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he is watching it as he used to do it, saying, "Son, there are three sides in every story.
It's your story, it's my story, and it's the real story.
As you see, in this film we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an agency wanted to help me -- and that just because I met John Bond and Richard Kirrting of many years -- I realized that I would have to go through my own, I would have to take up the intermediary and go to companies myself with all my team.
So what I started to advertise suddenly -- what I started to realize is that when you start to talk to companies the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends that make big, huge movies, giant and others that make small, independent movies, like mine.
And my friends who make large Hollywood movies, giant giants say the reason their films are so successful to be due to the associated brands that they have.
And then my friends who make independent films say, "Well, how are you supposed to compete with these big, giant molecule films?
And the film is called "The largest movie ever saved."
How are we going to see Bangladesh specifically in the movie?
Every time I'm going to go out, every time I open my button, you'll see the Denas destiny.
At any point during an interview with somebody can say, "Are you well cool for this intervention?
ready? You see a little nervous.
I want to help you to calm you.
Maybe you should get a little bit of this before the intervention."
And there will offer one of these fabulous spines.
Both Fundament" as "Vinkeels of the Paradox are going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have so much for man as a woman, solid, ball, in clay, whatever.
That's the general look.
Now I can answer your questions and give you a proper look.
Karen Frank: We are a small brand.
So similar to the kind of smaller movies that you have, we're rather a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that has other brand.
So doing things like that, you know, remembering Bang to people is the reason that this interests us.
MS: What words would you use to describe Bangladesh?
Bang is in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Woman: Higher technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the availability.
Man: We talked about something audacious, fresh.
I think that free is a great word that really puts this category in positive versus smell and subject."
It keeps you cold.
How do you stay free more time? With better fascinating, more fascinating, three times more cold.
Things like those who have benefits of benefits.
MS: And that's a multi-like company.
What about me? What about a common guy?
I need to talk to the man of the street, people like me, the commons.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your market?
Man: Mmm, my market?
I don't know.
I like good clothing.
Woman: I would go to the 1980s, painting poly unless it's going to be flag.
MS: Okay. What's the March Mrocal?
Jerry, a unique thing. (Music, unique. Man: I guess the kind of gender, the style that I have to be like a dark galaxy."
I like dark colors, many gray and things like this.
Usually I take accessories like sunglasses, or crisis and similar ones.
Woman: If Dan was a brand could be a classic conversation, Merselo Benz Bene.
Man 2: The brand I am, the so-called sand flying."
Woman 2: In the hippie in a piece of a bomb, in part Bronx, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of mask.
I sold toys in the country and in the world.
So I guess that is my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is February because I put the market.
Man 5: Marcus electronic france.
Is that something?
Adam, I'm a lawyer.
Tom, I'm Tom.
MS: Well, we can't all be brand Tom, but I often charged in the intersection of dark galaxy and flow flow.
I realized I needed an expert.
I needed somebody who could enter in my head, someone who could help me understand what they call the "management personality."
And I found a company called OlPhando Zalana in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Sega, Fernison, Halaradan to discover that personal personality.
If you could do it for them, they surely could do it for me.
Adulther: Transparent the photos, right?
MS: Yeah. The first picture is a family photograph.
A: Tell me a little bit about how you relate to your thoughts and feelings your way of being.
MS: These people model my way of looking at the world.
A: Tell me that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world in which you live in -- like the people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things come together and start in a place and in my case they organize and start in my family, in West Virginia.
A: What's the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is "This was the best day of my life."
A: How does this relate to your thoughts and feelings and your way to be?
MS: It's like who wanted to be me.
I like different things.
I like weird things. I like weird things.
A: Tell me the beauty," why do we feel that?
What is the male one? What phase of public you find now?
Why is it important to redefine? What does the red mean?
Tell me a little bit about that.
A little more of you, who is not who you are.
What other metaphors have you had?
You don't have to have fear. What kind of mountain is you?
MS: Audience." (Audience: Thank you! No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patient. (Misley: Great job. A: Yeah. (Music: Thank you so much.) All right.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of madness in all of this.
Linda Zulia: The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides but competitions, in your brand personality. The brand Morgan School is a consequence brand.
They got really good together.
And I think there's almost a paradox in them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong dots or the other instead of focusing on both.
Many companies tend -- and this is human nature -- to avoid the things that are not safe -- avoid fear -- those elements, and you actually give them the same, and you get something positive for you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are this?
The first here is the classic -- Apple.
And you can see it also here to Tahmassa, Wi, Minica Cooper and Gettenthelver.
Now there are legal marks and conscious frames, those things that have gone and come but a leadership brand is quite powerful.
MS: A predator brand. What is your market?
If someone asked you to describe your identity, your market identity, what would it be?
Are you a research anthropology? Are you somebody who makes blood flow?
Or are you rather a described authority?
A little bit more calm, reserved, conservation?
So the understanding attributes are like being playful to be fresh like President, control, adventure, daring, or audacious like Ezra Florida, fast or giant, professional, dominance, magic or mystic like Gandhi.
Or are you rather than a despair ants?
Are you conscious, sophisticated like 50?
Are you still, traditional, provider, protocelling: Do you identify with Opraise."
You are confident, stable, family, trust, safe, contact or sage -- like the Dalai Lama or Now?
In the course of this film, we had more than 500 companies, strangers and description, who said, "No, they didn't want to form part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control about the final product.
They allowed us to tell the history of the neuroscience, and we got to tell the story in this film of how the magnetic resonance now uses magnetic resonance to identify the centers of desire in the brain both for commercial marketing as for cinema.
We went to San Paulo where they have banned the advertisement to free air.
In the entire city for the last five years, there are no values, there are no sharks, no volumes, nothing.
And we went to school districts where companies are doing road in schools with limb problems in the U.S.
The incredible thing for me is that the projects that I've had the biggest answer or where I've had more successful are those where I've interacted with things directly.
And that's what these marks did.
They took the interventions, they took their agencies off, and they said, maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to treat directly with the artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that's going to make people think of people who are going to challenge the way we look at the world.
And how do you go? They succeeded out?
Well, since the movie is transmitted in the Seattle Federal, we take a look.
According to the movie in January, and since then -- and this is not all -- we've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This is just a period of two and a half weeks long.
That's just online. No press, no TV.
The movie is still not distributed.
It's still not online. It's not in service.
It's not even presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has begun.
And it's not bad, because almost all of the agencies that we talked about were advised to their customers not to be part.
I've always believed that if you're restricted, if you take risks, that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you pull people out of that is pushing them into failure.
I think that when you train your employees in the risk of risk is preparing all your company to get rewards.
I feel that what has to happen to move forward is that we have to encourage people to risk.
We have to encourage people to be afraid of the opportunities that can scare them.
Ultimately, I think we have to take place to fear.
We have to put that bear in a cage.
We took the fear. We embrace risk.
From one card, we have to embrace risk.
And ultimately, we have to deal with transparency.
More than never a little bit of honesty is going to take a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all my talk "Age "Area has been presented by my good emer-educated friends who for 177 bought the names of the name in Edi.
EM: It makes great data in great opportunities for companies around the world.
EDI presents "Area the Transparent."
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So Morgan, in behalf of the transparency, which happened exactly with those 17?
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket I have a gene in behalf of the March organization of TED, the Santari Foundation, a 17th charge for 170 to be applied to my TED care assistance.
The idea behind the Christmas computer worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
Their biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the rise of Europe in Nature.
The gray boxes that you see are control systems in real time.
If we can compromise these systems that control speed and vegetables, we can cause a lot of problems with the centrifuge.
gray boxes don't use Windows software. They're a completely different technology.
But if we managed to put an effective virus from Windows in a portable computer used by an engineer to make this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind Student.
We started with a Windows installation.
The origami enters the gray box, damages the competition, and the nuclear nuclear program is demonstrated.
It's easy, huh?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started to investigate about Student six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing that you knew is that it's very, very complex in the Children -- the instant used multiple values decrease.
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That called us attention, and we started an experiment where we infected our environment with Student, and we saw what was happening with this.
So these were very strange things.
Sustant was behaving as a rate of lab to the one who didn't like our cheese, the wave, but I didn't want to eat.
It didn't make sense for me.
And after experimenting with different cheese jobs, I realized, and I thought, "This is a round attack.
It's completely life."
The institutional is actively searching at the gray box if it finds a specific configuration, and even if the program that is trying to infect is effectively working on that place.
If not, Study does nothing.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the goal is.
It might be, let's say for example, a U.S. energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
Better than we'll discover the target.
So we extracted and choose the attack code, and we discovered that it was structured in two digital bombs -- a small and a big one.
We also saw that they were armed very professionally by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They knew all the dots that I will attack.
They probably even know how much the operator collapses.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that the institutional of Student is complex and high technology, let me tell you, the load is very complex.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this approach code.
We're talking about about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much like the old solid language.
I want to tell you how we could find sense to this code.
What we found at the beginning were called the systems of the system, because we know what they do.
We then searched for terrorists and data structures and try to relate to the real world, with objective potential in the real world.
We need theories about claims that we can approve or desire.
To get to theories about targets, we remember that it's definitely a violent shoot, it must be a valuable white -- and it's surely located in Iran, because it's where most infections have been reproduced.
You don't find a number of thousands of goals in that area.
It basically goes to the nuclear energy plant of Buddhist and the National English plant.
So I told my assistant, "The list of all the experts in centers and power plants between our customers."
I called them and told them in an effort for making their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we could associate the little digital origami with the control of the rotation.
The rotation is that mobile part inside the middle, that black object you see.
If you manage the speed of this rotation, you certainly can break it up and even make the feedback explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and discover in an obvious effort for coming back to the nest maintenance engineers, so they couldn't solve this quickly.
We try to decipher the big digital oil by looking at the data and their structures.
So for example, the 16th number of the number of that code, you can't obviously.
I started to investigate scientific literature about how these centers are built in Nature, and found that they're structured in what's called a chapter, and every waterfall contains 164 meters.
That makes sense, there was a coincidence.
And it gets better still.
These centers in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what do we find in the attack code attack?
It's almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had between hands.
So there's no management -- it wasn't like that."
The results have been given after several weeks of hard work.
We made it very much end up in alleys, and we had to start again.
Yet, we discovered that both digital roots were pointing to one and same goal, but from different angles.
The small oil is taking a waterfall and making the robots turn and religion and the big oil communicates with six layers and manipulating valves.
In addition, we're very confident that we've determined what the destiny is.
It's Natasha, and it's just Natasha.
We shouldn't worry that other goals are achieved by Student.
Here I show you a few very interesting things that we saw -- really impressed me.
There is the gray box, and the top of you see the centers.
What this thing does is to intercept the self-descriptions of sensors, for example, from pressure sensors, and vibration sensors, and provide legitimate code, which still works during the attack, with false input data.
And it believed or not, these fake data data are produced by Student.
It's like the Hollywood movies where, during the robot, the safety camera feeds a predator video.
Is it great exist?
The idea here is obviously not only to force the operators in the control room.
It's really much more dangerous and agreement.
The idea is to break a digital safety system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the large steam turbine is going on speed, you have to open up values of escape in a military.
Obviously, this can't make it a human operator.
That's where we need digital safety systems.
And when they're committed together, then you can pass bad things.
The plant can explode.
And not the operations or the security system will notice it.
That scares it.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This attack is generic.
It has nothing to do specifically, with central, with urban increase.
It could also work, for example, in an energy plant, or in a car factory.
It's generic.
And you don't have a long -- that to design this load with a USB key, as we saw in the case of Student.
You could also use conventional technology of worms to disseminate it.
Make it more possible.
And if you do that, with what you end up is with a cyber destruction of mass destruction.
That's the consequence we should face.
Unfortunately, the biggest number of targets for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and in Japan.
All green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals.
We should face the consequences and better than we start preparing now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Rally, it has been public in many sides that people assume that the Museum is the main entities behind this.
What is your opinion.
Ralph Langer: OK, you really want to hear this?
Yeah. Okay.
My view is that the Museum is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is cyber surface.
There is one single one, and it's the United States, fortunately, fortunately, obviously.
Because, otherwise our problems would be even larger.
CA: Thank you. Thank you, Ral.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take and give sub-orbital skills or another one that makes users of wheelchair you wake up and go back to walk.
In Berkeley Bionics, we call these robots, exoskeletons.
They are nothing different from something that is put in the morning, gives you a great force -- that you also increase its speed, and it helps you, for example, to handle the balance.
It's actually the real integration of the man and the machine.
But not only that -- it can integrate it and connect it with the universe and with other external ones.
This is not a weird idea.
To show you now in what we're working on, we started talking about the American soldier who, in average, has to take on its back a load of 45 pounds, and it's being demanded to take even more equipment.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries in the back, 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage.
We decided to contemplate this challenge and create a exoskeleton that could help handle the issue.
Let me introduce you to the Hutono -- or Port Curious Human Cars.
Soldier: With the Humbain exponential -- I can put 90 pounds for variable of variables for many hours for a lot of hours.
Their fascinating design, it allows you to put in knives and execute movements with great agility for movement.
I perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then I increase my strength and my resistance.
Hermon Berna: We're ready, with our industrial partners, to produce this device, this new exoskeleton -- this year.
I mean, it's a reality.
So now we're going to look back at the walls of cogs, about what I feel particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people, roughly, in wheelchair, around the world.
Like one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation.
We talk about something that happens with frequency, very young people, with damage in the vertical column that when you start their life -- at 20, 30 or 40 years -- they collide against a wall, and the wheelchair turns out to be their only options.
We also talk about the population that is going to be very quickly.
Their only option, many times -- by a brain injury or some other complicated competition -- is the wheelchair.
And this has been so for the last 500 years, from their successful appearance, as I should recognize.
So we decided to start to write a new chapter about mobility.
Let me introduce you to the EEGATCHA that is using Amanda Bob who was using a research in the vertical column, and as a result of a result, I couldn't walk for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Borian: Thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our Elegan, which I mentioned.
It has a few sensors.
Completely non-invasive in the crutches that send signals to the computer of the board, here in the back.
There's also a few batteries that give energy to the motors in the boxes, and in the knees, and they make it move with this soft and very natural stop.
AB: I was 24 years old, at the top of my life, when I was a strange leap in the air, skiing down the bottom of the air.
In a fraction of second, I lost all feeling and all the motion of the pelvis.
Little time later, a doctor went into my room in the hospital, and he said, "Hey, you'll never walk again."
That was 19 years ago.
So I stole up to the last piece of hope of my being.
Adaptive technology since then, it has allowed me to learn how to break down in scars, scan rocks and even ride in the hand bicycle.
But they haven't invented anything that enables me to walk, until now.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change the lives to the future generations -- not only of soldiers, but to America, and all of the users of wheels, to all.
AB: Thank you.
I just returned from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the battle, they practice sex to say hello, and play is the order of the day -- where fun is something serious.
And no, it's not the federal Man Festival or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, they know their cousins.
This is the world of wild Bonobos in Congo.
The bonobos are, together with chimpanzees, their closest lives nearby.
That means we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, that lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known by their agreement.
But unfortunately, we've done too much emphasis in this aspect in our narrative of human evolution.
But Bonobos show us the other side of the currency.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by large guys, terrified, Bonobos society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special because this leads to a very tolerant society where deadly violence hasn't been observed yet.
But unfortunately, Bonobos are the least understood of the great apes.
They live in the depths of the colleague jungle, and it's been very difficult to study them.
Congo is a paradox -- an extraordinary land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the tension itself -- stage of a violent conflict that has spread for decades, and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War.
It's not surprising that this destruction also puts the survival of the Bonobo.
The breast meat trade, and deforestation makes you can't fill a stadium with the bonobos that are in the world -- and honestly we're not sure of it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos, you can hear the hidden laughter by making the trees.
Who are these primes?
We know it as apes "make love, not war -- because they have frequent sex and propelling and bisexual to manage conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the life of Bonobos is more than the Kamen Sun.
The Bonobo, like humans, love playing throughout their entire life.
Play is not just a kid's game.
For us, and for them, the game is fundamental to establish ties and foster the tolerance.
We learn to trust, and we learn the rules of play.
Play increases creativity and resilience, and it has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions, diversity of behavior, the diversity of connections.
And when you look at the Bonobo game you see the evolutionary roots itself, the dance and the human ritual.
Play is the glue that binds us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos that are taken out of the wild.
First of all, it's a binary style game, and I don't talk about football person.
Here's a female and a young male in the middle of a perspective.
Look what she is doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase, "The "really have carrying out of the balls."
I just think in this case he loves it, right?
Yeah.
So sexual play is common both in Bonobos as in humans.
And this video is really interesting because it shows -- this video really is interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements into the game -- as the testicles -- and also how play requires trust and promotes trust, and at the same time is the most fun.
But the game is political.
The game is political, you can adopt a lot of forms, some of which are more challenging, imagine, curious, perhaps the place where the amazing is resources.
And I want you to see -- this is Fukeu, a young female who's playing with the water that is careful.
I think that, as she is, sometimes we play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner and outdoor worlds.
And it is that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, to interact, and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real seeds of creativity.
These are just small samples of understanding that Bonobos give us our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to a more and more difficult world with higher creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that game is the key to these capabilities.
In other words, game is our adaptable food.
To adapt to a world that changes we have to play.
But would we take the maximum of our ability to game?
The game is not fresh.
The game is essential.
For bones, and humans alike, life is not just cruel and unfortunate.
When it seems to be less appropriate to play, you can be the moments when it's the most pressing thing.
So primates, we accept this gift of evolution and play together while we rediscovered creativity, friendships and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York I'm responsible for a nonprofit organization called Robin Holocauster.
When I'm not battling poverty, I went out of fire as a captain assistant in a voluntary fire body.
And in our city, where volunteers make a highly qualified staff, you have to get to the fire site very soon to enter action.
I remember my first inventor.
I was the second volunteer in the site, so I had a pretty high probability to go.
But there was still a career at a foot against the other volunteers to get to the captain to the captain and figure out what our task was like.
When I found the captain, I was imprisoned in a conversation with the owner that certainly went through one of the worst days of his life.
We were on the last night, she was standing outside in the rain, under a paradox, in piano, disappear, while his house was in flames.
The other volunteer I had just arrived before I did, let's call Leo Luther -- he came first to the captain and he asked her to go into the dog of the house owner.
The dog." I was so chely."
There was a lawyer or a money management who, during the rest of his life, would have to tell people that I entered a building in calls to save one alive only because I won for five seconds.
Well, I was the following.
The captain made me an advance.
He said, "God, I need to get in the home.
I need to go up the fire, and it took the fire, and it brings this woman a pair of shoes.
I swear it.
It wasn't exactly what I expected, but I was -- I went on the stairs at the end of the hall, went to the real fire bombs that at the top of that high or less had ended out to turn out the fire and entered the fourth main in search for a couple of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my load back through the ladder where I met my Nigeria and the beautiful dog in the main door.
We went out of the house the treasures for the house where, as a way of waiting, his treasure.
A few weeks later, the department received a letter of the owner of the house that was grateful by the fearless effort shown to save his home.
The kindness that she observed on the top was that somebody had reached him even a couple of shoes.
So much in my voice in Robin Hollywood as in my voice as a volunteer bomb, I am a witness for generosity and kindness in a monumental scale, but also of activity of grace and courage at the individual level.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So when I look in this room to people who have achieved or are for achieving remarkable levels of success I'd like to remind you this: Don't wait.
They don't expect to earn the first million to make the difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to give, I can tell you now.
They serve food in a dining dining part of the neighborhood.
Be mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save someone's life, but every day we're going to be able to influence somebody's life.
So you train the game. They save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, back back.
Mark Berkeles: Thank you.
This may seem odd. But I'm a great admirer of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1868 with a very simple idea: cement modules of a fixed mode that fit into each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used construction unit in the world.
They have allowed us to build things bigger than us, as buildings or bridges, a brick at the same time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947, to LED came up with this.
It was called an automatic assembly branch.
And in a few years, the Libya bricks came to every home.
It's estimated that you made more than 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineering to build beautiful bridges, buildings or homes.
LEDs made it accessible.
LEDs just embraced the concrete block, the favorite in the world, and turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to admit, the new building block.
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of aesthetic bricks stacking each other to a world where everything was interactive.
Just like the concrete block, the transistor allows to create much bigger circuits and more complex, a brick at the same time.
But there's a main difference: The transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that the building blocks of our time are restricted to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was in the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of bringing the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing alternatives.
Let me show you how they work.
Selling are electronic modules each with a specific function.
They're predicted to be light, sound, motors and sensors.
And the best thing about everything is that they join magnets together.
So you can't put it wrong.
The bricks have a color code.
The green is the resident, the blue is the stream, the rose is the input and the orange color is the alammada.
So you only have to assemble a blue with one green and very quickly, you can start to make bigger circuits.
A blue with one green produce light.
We can put a button in the middle and so we have a regulation.
If we change the button by a pulse of pulse, that's here, and now we have an intellectual light.
We added this mate to create more impact, and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game, the alternatives are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program and connect and solving, altitude allows us to program by using very simple intuitive gestures.
To get faster or slower, you just turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind altitude is it's a growing collection.
We want all of the interactions in the world to be reduced to red red to use.
Listening, sound, solar panels, motors. Everything must be accessible.
We have given the kids the children to see them play with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best thing is how they start to understand the electronics of every day that doesn't learn in schools.
For example, how a light light works, or why the door of an elevator keeps open, or how an iPod responds to touch.
We've also taken altitude to design schools.
So for example, designers without experience in electronic experience begin to play with altruistics like a material.
Here you can see, with paper bottles and forest, we have George creating George.
(Music metaphorical --  -- a few weeks ago we took altitude to the designer of Rhode Island School, who don't have any experience in engineering, just in cardboard, wood and paper and said, do something.
Here's an example of a project that you've done, an active content cannon.
But wait, here is my favorite project.
It's a language made of planning that has fear of darkness.
For these not engineers, altitude became another material, the electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be the scope of all.
So, alternative is open source.
You can visit the website, download all the design files and make them make them.
We want to take a world of creators and inventors and collaborators because this world we live in, this interactive world, is ours.
So forward and invent.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company searches to engage with the environment focusing on the environment.
The distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm. Wait for a moment.
You can delay a little bit to charge.
We can continue to get better of the video on one side.
No.
This is not.
All right.
The solar technology is ...
Oh, I have the time?
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and techniques to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that is supposed to be determined, we asked them to work in government.
The initiative was called "Chest for American and would be like a people of Peace for the technologies.
We selected some members every year and put them to work with the manufacturers.
Instead of sending them to the Third World -- we send them to the wild municipal world.
They made great applications. They worked with the municipal employees.
Their task is to show the possibilities of current technology.
Meet Al Al.
It's a caval from Boston City.
So here it appears as if I was looking for a quote, but what really looks for is someone clean it when it comes to the snow because you know that it's not very good at picking up fires when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did it ask for help in this so unusual way?
Last year in Boston, we had a Cheer member team for American.
They were there in February, and at that time, it was a lot of last year.
They realized that the city never cleaned these strings.
But one of the members called Erik Microsoft noticed something else: that citizens cleaned with sticks right in front of them.
So he did as any good programmer, developed an app.
It's a cute app in which you can take a hydrant in.
You accept cleaning it when you snow.
And when you do that, you put a name, in this case I put it in.
If you don't do it, someone can steal it.
I mean, it has a players' body.
It's a modest application.
Maybe it's the smallest of 21 programmed applications last year.
But something that no other government technology is doing.
And it extends viral form.
A responsible of systems from the city of Honor to see this app realized that I could use it, not for the snow, but for citizens to acquire tsunami services.
It's very important that they work these tsunami sands, but people steal the batteries.
So I ask citizens to control them.
And then Seattle.
And Chicago just launched it to make people register to clean sidewalks when it snows up.
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has spread without friction and organic and natural ways.
If you know a little bit of government technology you'll know that this doesn't normally happen.
Software acquisition typically takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston, we had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool so that parents could choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that having done for normal channels would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's nothing.
Now there's a project in the court power of California that until the moment has cost two billion dollars and doesn't work.
And there are projects like this in every level of governance.
So an app that is programmed in a couple of days, and it's spreading in viral form is a kind of warning to the institution of the government.
It suggests the better way of working, not like private companies, like a lot of people think it should be.
Nor as a technological company, but rather as the Internet itself.
I mean, without restrictions, open and general.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents the way to address the issue of government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of a religious institution but as a problem of collective action.
And that's really good because it turns out we're very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools so that we work together with efficiency.
And it's not only "Christy for America but there are hundreds of people across the country that contributed to civic applications, every day in their own communities.
They haven't been given by the government.
They feel a great frustration before that, but they don't complain -- they fix it.
And these people know something that we've lost from view.
And that is that if we leave the feelings on the politics, the follower at the M136 (Audience Autonomy -- and all of those other things that put us crazy -- the government is, in essence, in Tim's words of Tim Rither: What we do together because we only can't can."
Now, a lot of people have abandoned government.
If you're one of those people, I would ask you to recognize it, because things are changing.
Politics don't change. government.
And because the government in the last email of us -- remember that of us, the village, the way to think about how to produce change.
I didn't know a lot of government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought that government is to choose people to occupy charges.
Well, after two years I've come to the conclusion that the government is about all, about streams.
This is the center of telephone attention of services and information.
It's the place that the calls can take if you mark 111 in the U.S.
Scott took this call.
English Cargen in the official knowledge.
I didn't find anything. It started with animal control.
And finally he said, "Hey, can you open up the gates in the house -- put music right music and see if it is going?
And it worked. So for Scott.
But that's not the end of the guards.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an application, web and mobile phone, called "The Connection Conflict.
We don't program that application.
It was the work of very clever people from the office of New York urban Mechanical Muslim.
One day, this really happened, comes up this asking -- "Christian in my garbage cube -- I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do to little scholars?
The dynamics of Contentional Congress is different.
Scott was speaking in person.
In Citizens Connecticut is all public, so you can all see this.
In this case, he saw it a neighbor.
The next report said, "I approached the place, found the garbage current behind the house.
Zan? Yes. Woman: Yes.
He turned the cube. I went home.
Good evening, she stopped "comet."
Pretty simple.
This is great. It's the confluence of digital and physical.
And it's also a great example of the income of government to the distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean the technological definition of platform.
I'm talking about a platform so that people are authorized and help others.
So, a citizen helped another, but here the government had a key paper."
It connected to two people.
And it could have connected to the government services of being necessary, but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When one neighbor helps another one, we have the communities.
If we call animals control, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we need to think about government is that it's not the same as politics.
Many people understand it, but think that one is the input of the other.
That our entry to the government system is the vote.
How many times have you chosen a political leader -- sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader and then hope that government reflects our values and satisfy our needs but then we don't see changes.
That's because government is like an immense ocean, and politics is the surface layer of 15 inches high.
Underneath what we call bureaucratic.
And we say that word with a lot of contempt.
But it is that describe that keeps us that to us that we finance as something that operates in our against the other thing, and in consciousness we're losing power.
People believe that politics is sexy.
If we want this institution to work, we will have to make the bureaucracy sexy.
Because that's where the real government work happens.
We have to collaborate with the machine of governance.
That makes the Octopian movement.
Have you seen it?
It's a group of troubled citizens that have written a very detailed report from 325 pages in response to the refuge of the Secret -- the financial reform project, on the financial reform.
That's not political activism -- it's bureaucratic activism.
And for those of us who have resigned to government, it's time that we ask ourselves what world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really believe that we will get to where we have to go without solving the institution that can act in behalf of all?
We can't preserve government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to repair the government function so that it can expand by strengthening civil society.
There's a generation that grew up with the Internet, and it knows that it's not so difficult to act not incredibly acting, only you have to articulate the systems in the right way.
The age of age of our members is 28 years old, so I, to regions, I'm a bigger generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who's going to talk about who's going to talk about.
They can express their opinions in any channel at the same time, and they do it.
So when you deal with the government problem don't care a lot to hear their voices.
They're using the hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that make the government better.
And those applications allow us to use the hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaned up a store, taking a shower, dumping a garbage cube that has a garbage inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned those hundreds and lots of people doing it.
But these applications are as digital reminder that we're not only consumers, we're not just government consumers that we pay taxes and we get services.
We are more than that, we're citizens.
And we're not going to fix government until we don't fix the citizen.
So I want to ask all the present, when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all together, will we be a voice crowd, or will we also be a hand of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in prisons, prisons and the death runner.
I've spent most of my life in marriage communities, in projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And I'll be here at TED watching and hearing these stimulations has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time, is that TED has identity.
And the things that are saying here are impact around the world.
In occasions, if something comes from TED, it has a sense and force that would not have otherwise.
I mean, this is because I think identity is really important.
Here's fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if you're taught with feeling, you can have a special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, it is if it's caring. It can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't really learn this in the practice of the right, my job.
I learned from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an African-American family dominated by a marriage, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, I had power.
It was the last word in all discussions in the family.
She started many of the dimensions in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
His parents were born in slavery in Virginia about 1848.
She was born about the 1880s and his experience with slavery as the way I saw the world.
She was tough, but it was also love.
When I was little and looked at her, she was approaching me and gave me a good hug.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe, and then I was shocked.
One or two hours later, I went back to look at it, and he came up and said, "Bread, still feel my horror?"
And if I told him no, I was grabbed again, and if I said yes, I stayed in peace.
He had this human quality that would always want to be close to it.
The only problem is that it had 10 children.
My mother was the youngest of 10.
Occasionally, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and his attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight -- nine years old, I woke up one morning, I went into the room and there were running all my cousins around.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room, and I looked at me.
At first, I thought it was a game.
So he looked at it and smiled, but she was very serious.
After 15 -- 20 minutes, she got up, and she got up the room, and he took me out of my hand and said, "Come Brendred." We both are going to be convinced."
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me out and said, "Bread, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anyone.
I said, "It's fine, Mary."
She said, "Now I'm glad you wouldn't do it." I said, "Sure."
Then I sat down, and he looked at me and said, "I want you to know I've been watching you."
And I added, "I think you're special.
He said, "I think you can do what you want.
I'll never forget it.
Then he said, "I just want you to promise three things, Bread."
I said, "So safe, Maha!
And he said, "The first thing I want you to promise is you always want your mother."
Adam, "She is my daughter, and you have to promise it always care for her."
As I loved my mom, I said, "Yes, Mom, I'll do it."
Then he said, "The second thing I want you to show me is that you will always do the right thing, although the right thing is the difficult thing.
I thought about it and I said, "Yes, Mom, I'll do it."
Then finally he said, "The third thing I want you to promise is that you never benefit alcoholics."
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Mom, I'll do it."
I grew up in the field, in the rural South, I have a brother one year older and a sister one year.
When I was 14 -- 15, one day my brother came home with a six beers, I don't know where I got them, I grabbed my sister and me and went for the forest.
We just have the crazy lockers.
He took a server of beer, offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me.
I said, "No, no, no. Okay. You know, but I'm not going to take beer.
My brother said, "Come on. Today do it. And you always do the same thing as us.
I already took something your sister too.
I said, "No." I don't feel good. You can still still."
Then my brother looked at me very quickly.
And he said, "What is it going on? It takes a beer."
I was closed to a force and continued, "Oh, it's not you're going to be thinking about the conversation with Mama."
I said, "But what are you talking about?
He said, "Mommy, you tell all the grandchildren that are special."
I was stopped.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that probably shouldn't say.
I know this will be spreading as well.
But I am 52 years old, and I can admit I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't say this is a virtue. I say it for the power that the identity is.
When we create the right kind of identity, we say things to others who really don't see any sense.
We can't get things that don't believe to be able to do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all of his grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been pressure during the bridge.
My uncle died from age-related diseases with alcohol.
And these were the things that -- according to her, we had to commit them.
Now, try to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is today very different than what was 40 years ago.
1974, there were 300,000 prisoners.
Today there are 2.3 million today.
In America, we have the highest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in parole.
And this massive incarceration, in my opinion, has changed fundamentally our world.
In poor or black, it finds so much destiny, so much despair.
One of three black neurons between the 18 and 30 years is in jail or in parole.
In urban communities across the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Baltimore Washington, Washington, 60 to 60 percent of all color young people are in jail or in parole.
Our system is not only distorted in front of the race, it's also about poverty.
In this country, we have a judicial system that is much better if you're rich and guilty that if you're poor and innocent.
It's not culture, but wealth is what the results can have.
And it seems to be very quiet.
The politics of fear and the face makes us believe that these are not problems.
We're disconnected.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work in some very curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as in other states, they provide you of rights forever, if you have a criminal currency.
Right now in Alabama, 34 percent of the black population population has lost the right to the vote.
And if we put it back to the next 10 years the level of loss of rights will be as elevated as it was before the law of the right to the vote.
We have this stunning silence.
I represent children.
Many of my customers are very young.
America is the only country in the world where it feels about 13 years to die in prison.
We have in this country jail for children, no chance to go out of it.
Right now we are in process of some little litigation, right now.
The only country in the world.
I represent people in the death runner.
This issue of death penalty is interesting.
In a sense of sense, they have taught us to think that the final question is, people deserve dying for common crime?
A very sensitive question.
But you can think about how we are in our identity.
There's another way to look at it -- it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for the committed crime, but if we deserve killing.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in America is defined by error.
In every nine people, they have identified one that is innocent that it's exponentially and liberated from the death runner.
A mistake of error, amazing, an innocent of every nine.
This is interesting.
In aviation would not allow any planes to be allowed if every nine you would take, you would have to stabilize it.
But somehow we were isolated from the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of whether we want to kill kill.
It's interesting that in my classes with students about African history, I talk to you about slavery.
I talk to you about terrorism, the time I started at the end of the reconstruction and to sleep to World War II.
We really don't know a lot about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a little bit defined by the terror.
In many communities people were afraid of being chest.
I worried to be bombed.
The threat of terror was what his lives defined their lives.
Now there are older people who come up to me and tell me, "Mr. Stevenson, you say talk, you do speeches -- I tell people who stop saying that in our history we actually deal with terrorism, after 111."
They ask me to say, "No." Say we grew up with that."
The age of terrorism continued, obviously, with the segregation and decades of racial survival and separation.
In this country, we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we've historically done.
All of the time we collide with each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs work to talk about race. I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that you couldn't overcome racial segregation without the truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this commitment, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving lectures about the death penalty conference.
It was fascinating, because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said, "You know that's well worried to hear what you say."
Adam, we don't have death row in Germany.
We will naturally never be here."
The room stayed in silence, and a lady said, "No way that with our history, we can never get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, intentional and dependent, we had to run people."
It was about this.
How do we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, to run people especially if they were in their most Jews as a great?
We could not tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there is this disconnection.
I think our identity is in danger.
If you don't really worry about these very difficult issues, the positive and wonderful things are -- yet they implement it.
We love innovation.
We are fascinated by technology. We worship creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately, those realities are augmented by suffering, abuse, degradation, marketing.
In my opinion, you need to integrate both things.
We just talk about the need to have more hope, more compromise, more dedication with the basic challenges of this complex world.
I think that means spending more time thinking and talking about the poor, the samples, the ones you will never get to TED.
Think about them is, in a way, something that's inside our being.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen before.
So we are -- despite being so rational, so committed to the intellectual.
With creativity, the development comes not only of brain ideas.
These things come from food ideas also by the heart conventions as well.
This connection of the mind with heart is what propels us to look at not just the bright and deliberately, but also in the dark and the hard thing.
Vacan Hawaia, the great guy, I talked about this.
He said, "When we were in East Europe suffering the oppression -- we wanted all kinds of things, but mostly what we needed was hope, orientation for spirit, a willingness for being in places of despair and being trained."
Well, that orientation for the spirit is practically in the heart of what I think, that even in communities like TED, it must be compared.
There is no disconnect, related to technology and design, that allow us to be really human if we don't pay the due attention to poverty, to exclusion to inequality.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts constitutes a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's find it.
I had the great privilege, being a very young lawyer, to meet Rosa Parkins.
These women are simply gathering to speak.
Occasionally, Mrs. Carrie called me to say, "Break, comes the Larry Laden. We're going to meet me to speak.
You want to come and listen to it?
I said, "Be ma'am, I do."
And so she said, "Well, and what do you do when you come from?"
I said, "Let's hear them."
So I went and I just heard them.
It was very virtual, very illegal.
And in an occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Ms. Parks headed to me and said, "Now, Bread, let me be that idea of egalitarian justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do.
And I started giving me my speech.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We try to help those who have been convicted to increase.
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in the administration of criminal justice.
We try to end up with the senses of life, without parole.
We try to do something about the death penalty thing.
We try to reduce the population in prisons.
We try to end the mass strategies?
I gave it all my best speech, and he looked at me and he said, "My mom mimmer mimbable."
And he assigned, "Look, then then the advantage of a time and a few things agreed."
At that time, Mrs. Carrie leaned to me on the face and he said, "It's why you have to be very but very valuable."
I think the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We have to find the way to address those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that every one of us is higher to the worst that we have made.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong, it's not that it's a stream.
Even if someone kills another, it doesn't be a basis.
So I think there's a basic dignity in people who must be respected by law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth.
That's not it.
I really think that in many parts of the opposite of poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it's very dramatic, very beautiful, very illegal, very exhilarating, will not judge us by our technology, for our design, not for our intellectual or rational capability.
At the end, you judge the character of a society, not because of the way they treat rich and powerful and privileged but the way they treat poor people, the conditions, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand really profound issues about what we are.
Sometimes I feel desperately. I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I do too much force.
I'm tired, like all.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in an important way.
I've been representing these guys who have been feeling very distant.
I go to jail and I see my 40s and 14 years old, who have been harassed to be judged as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn someone in what's not it?
The judge took it as a grown-up, but I see a child.
A very late night I was willing to think about -- for God, if the judge can become something that you don't are, you must have magical powers.
Yes, Bread, the judge has magical powers.
You should ask for something that is.
As it was too late, I couldn't think about it, but I started working on a molecule.
He had a 14 year-old client -- a little, poor, black.
I started working on the molecule, with a computer that said, "Moment for my black client in 14 years to be treated as a 75-year-old privilege white who was 75 years old, executive from a corporation."
In the mold, I assumed that it had been driven in the access, in the behavior of police and the process.
There was a living line about how in this country there is no ethical stuff, but a whole lack of ethics.
So the next morning, I woke up thinking that a sense of the message would be a dream, or did I really write it?
For my horror, not only had it reduced, but he had sent it to the cut.
About two months, I had forgotten it.
And finally I decided, "Oh God, I have to go to the court for this stupid case.
I got up to the car and felt really advanced, addicted.
I went in the car to the tube.
I thought this would be very difficult and perfect.
I finally got out of the car. I walked to the court.
I was going up the stairs when I found a bigger black man. It was the advice of the judge.
When he saw me, he approached me and said, "Who's you?"
I said, "I'm a left-hand -- he said, "Are you leaving me?" I said yes.
And then I approached myself and advanced me.
And I was whispering in the ear.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was virtual.
That was deeply connected with my interior, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I entered the audience room.
When I went in, the judge saw me.
And he said, "Mr. Stevenson, did you write this one one machine?
I said, "Yes, Mr. I was myself." And we started to argue.
People started coming. They were all indigenous.
I was the one who had written those crazy madness.
They came up with policemen the personal prosecutors analysis, the authorities.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people -- all the fruits because we talked about races, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the radio of the eye, I was able to see the consensus I went and came in.
I was looking through the window and I was able to hear all that grave.
I kept walking around and over there.
Finally, this old black, with a concern, came in the room and sat behind me, almost at the table of the lawyers.
About 10 minutes later, the judge decided a recession.
During the disappear a support of the cotton was showed up because the consensus had entered the room.
The assistant is loved on the old black.
And he said, "Jima, what do you do in the audience room?
And the old black stood out of foot, looked at the asteroid, looked at me and said, "I went to this audience room to tell this young man who keep his view in the goal with sex."
I've come today to TED because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very large, but it folds towards justice.
That we can't really be evolved if we don't care about human rights and for dignity.
That our survival is tied to each other.
That our visions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity must be close to the orbitings of fragility, compassion and justice.
And above all, to those of the speakers that share this, I just want to tell you that you keep the view in the target of signal.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an obvious desire of the audience, of this community, to help in your purposes of doing something.
Something that's not a gray. What can we do?
BS: There are several opportunities nearby.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a referendum this spring in which you will make an effort to restore the funds that are spending today in punishment policy.
For example, here in California, you're going to spend a billion dollars in the death row -- in the next five years, a billion dollars.
And despite this, 96 percent of the cases of homicide are not concerned in arrested.
Ninety-seven percent of rapes don't get nowhere.
Here's a chance of change.
This refugee is going to propose that these funds are determined to make the law, security.
I think there is a very close opportunity.
CA: There's been a huge decline in crime in America, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation, is that it has to do with the highest incarceration rate.
What would you say to those who believe that this?
BS: Actually, the rate of creativity with violence has remained relatively stable.
Great growth in massive incarceration in this country is not for crimes with violence.
It's because of the wrong war against drugs.
That's why it emerges this dramatic increase in cardiovascular population.
And we let us convince the charge of the punishment.
We have three legal causes to lead people to perpetual chain, for stealing a bicycle, by small crimes against property, rather than making those resources back to their victims.
I think we have to do more to help the victims of crime and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy about punishment does nothing.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Bread, you've been excited today here today.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
Locue," they grow threats by the death of Bin Laden.
Local 2: Hamana in Somalia. Locket 3: The police is carrying O.C.
Locket 4: Charge Cards. Locket 5: Crucial crosses.
Locket 6: Social decision. Locket 7: 65 dead.
Locket 8: Alligator alget. Lock 9: Community.
Many solutions, war to the robotics, massive destruction. Tootah.
Recept. Bangladesh. End Julian. Egypt. Serio.
Crisis. dead. Desage.
Oh, my God.
Peter Diamonds: These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months, they would be the last six days or for the last six years.
The idea is that the media presents prefer to provide negative news because our minds are paying attention.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second day our senses get a lot more data than the brain can probably compute.
And as nothing matters more than survive, the first couple of data is an ancient fragment of the temporal lobe called agent.
The amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger detector.
Original and record all the information looking for something in the environment that could make us harm.
So for a dozen stories we would prefer to look at the negative ones.
That old will say from the press, "If there is blood, "self-degree, is very true.
And because all digital devices provide us negative news seven days from the week, 24 hours a day, it's not to miss that we are pesparines.
It's not surprising that people think the world is wrong in worse.
But maybe not.
Maybe, instead, what really happens is that we get districts.
Perhaps the huge progress done in the last century for a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems: climate change, the extension of species, the scarcity of water and energy -- certainly we have.
As human beings, we're very good at valuing the problems and over the long, we end up with them.
We analyzed it in the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, the average of life has more than doubled, average per capita per capita per capita has been tripled around the world.
Child mortality has reduced 10 times.
Also, the cost of food, of electricity, transportation and communications, has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinker showed us that we're living the most peaceful time of human history.
And Charles Kenya was 25 percent of 25 percent to more than 80 percent over the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
Many people forget it.
And we keep getting higher and higher expectations.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today in America, a lot of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, toilets, refrigerators, television, mobile air and cars.
The magnets of the calculating card in the past, the propositions of the planet, would never have dreamed of such luxury with such luxury.
Support a lot of this is technology and lately, its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that develops information technology jumps in this curve, the Moore's Law and doubled the price of price in about 12 to 24 months.
So the mobile phone that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supermarket of the '70s.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First of all, the soft thing that is -- in good and bad time, in war and peace, in recession and depression and audience.
It's the result of fast computers used to build faster.
You don't stop at any of the big challenges.
And although it's grabbard in a law on the left, it goes up upwards.
The growth rate of technology is in more and faster.
And in this curve, at the mortality of Moore's Law, there is a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today.
The computer in the cloud, that my friends of Authoric call infinite computing, sensors and networks, robotics, 3D printing and their ability to democratize personalized production all over the planet, synthetic biology, fuel, vaccines and food, digital medicine, national medicine and the Indian medicine.
I mean, how many of you saw the victory in Jack of Watson, from IBM?
It was tiny.
I was looking for the newspapers the best headline that I would have.
And I loved this: Watson gets heading to human opportunities."
Jewish is not an easy game.
It plays with the killing of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everybody in the phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, launched a new university called Singularity University.
We taught these technologies to our students, and in particular, how can they use to solve the great challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to launch a company, or a product or service, that can possibly affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact a billion people.
Thirty years ago, that would have sounded substantial.
Today we can signal a dozen companies that have done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean creating luxury life for every inhabitant of the planet, it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about taking that that is scarce and getting plentiful again.
You see, scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
I'll give you an example.
It's a story of Nanistrit II in the mid-1980s.
He's the guy on the left.
He invited the king of Simon.
National troops started with silver, and the same Namibia, with gold covered gold.
But the king of Simon, ate with aluminum covered covers.
You see, the aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet, it goes more than gold and plant.
So the money tip of the Monnia to Washington is all of aluminum.
You see, although the aluminum is 8,000 percent of the Earth's mass, it doesn't come as pure metal.
It's linked by oxygen and silence.
But then he got the electrons and made of the aluminum something so cheap that we used it as if it was a strange.
We put this analogy to the future.
Let's think about energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet bathed for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They get to the Earth 16 energy turtles every 88 minutes.
It's not about scale, but of acceptance.
And there's good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the generation of generosity, 800 rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy was 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the United States, solar electricity will cost six cents a kilowatt per hour compared to 15 cents in national average.
And if we have power abundance we also have water abundance too.
Let's talk about wars for water.
Remember when Carl Sagan pointed the spacecraft of Voyager to the Earth, in 1990, after Saturn Saturd?
I took a famous picture. How was it called?
"A propeller blue dot.
Because we live on a water planet.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent water.
Yes, 97 percent is saltwater, two percent of it is ice, and we fought about half percent of the water on the planet, but there's also a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
It comes the nanotechnology, the nanometers.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen, this morning, one of the innovative innovators -- I would like to share with you, he gave me permission to do -- his technology called Seniting maybe you know it -- it's the size of a small refrigerator.
It's able to generate a thousand gallons of drinking water a day of any source -- soft water, contaminated water, a landfill, for less than two cents the gallon.
The president of Coca-Cola just agreed to make a significant test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If it comes well, and I have full confidence that it will be, Coca-Cola will actually implement it in 200 countries on the planet.
This is an innovative innovation for this technology that there is today.
And we've seen it in mobile phones.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent penetration of mobile phones in the developing world for the end of 2013.
Think about it, that dough warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And, of course, with a smart cell phone with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of information and communications that no one could have predicted before.
Better than that, the things that you and I have paid tens of tens of thousands of dollars and hundreds of thousands of dollars of DPS, video H, images, libraries of books and music, medical diagnostic technology, now delivered and lose market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best one comes when the health applications arise.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the Commander Foundation something called the X Transish, 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the world's teams to combine these technologies in a mobile device that they talk about, and because it has Ida, they can take a blood of the finger.
To win, it has to make better diagnoses than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where the death load is 25 percent, and there are 1.3 percent of health workers.
When this device sequences a virus of RNA or DNA that I don't recognize -- call the animal of health, and first of all, avoid the pandemic happened.
But this is the biggest force of producing a world of abundance.
I call it the billion.
The white lines here are the population.
We just passed the brand of the seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to empower the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, it'll go from two billion to five billion users of the Internet.
Three billion minds never before you add to the global conversation.
What are these people?
What would you get? What wishes you want?
And instead of an economic collapse, we will have the largest economic injection of history.
These people represent tens of trillions of dollars injected in the global economy.
And they will make more health thanks to the Trip, from a better education with the Khan Academy and because of the use of 3D printers and computing in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can three billion more members of members of humanity, healthy and productive health.
How about a few voices before you?
What if we give the opposite, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and can act for the first time?
What will do these three billion people?
What if they are contributions that we can't predict?
Something that I learned with the X Prize is that small teams -- guided by their passion with a clear object, can do extraordinary things, things that they could only do the great corporation and governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of you will know.
It's called Fourner.
He emerged at the University of Washington, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino amino acids and figure out how to fold the protein in.
The folds determine structure and function.
It's very important in medical research.
And so far, it was a problem of supermarkets.
They've played this college professors, among others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people joined and started playing it.
And it has shown that the machinery of recognition of human patterns is better for proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge trust in the future is that today we have more power as people to assume the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the brand innovation.
We have the capital of technology.
And we have three billion new minds that will be used to work in the solution of the big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a few extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
The source of the point of part.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, before I give you three examples to do time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1878.
Maybe they believed that it was people, but it wasn't like this.
It actually harvests fish.
And he described to one of them as very common."
It was the better.
I fished it very much until the 1880s.
Now the fish is in the Red List of the U.N.
But we've heard this story many times, on Galapagos and other places, so that has nothing special about it.
But the case is we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're pressure.
The brochures still say they follow intact.
So what's going on here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept: the command of the waist.
Because I was there in 1971, studying a lagoon in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could integrate it.
I burned a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I wasn't from there.
This is my first exposure to the sun.
The language was surrounded by palms, and as you can see, from a few mangroves.
There were the thylacines of about 20 centimeters -- the black bar talk ...
And the fishing of this story was very abundant and went for a good time, so it was made more than the middle in Ghana.
When I went there 27 years later, the amount of fish had gone down to half.
They made five centimeters.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There was still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And fish were still happy to be there.
Or it is, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was complicit in the introduction of the drag fishery in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, well, it started in the 1960s -- Europe made a lot of development projects.
Fish development could impose countries that already had 100,000 fishermen fisheries, imposing industrial fishing.
And this button, pretty ugly is called La Mutant 4.
I went out to fish in it, and we conducted studies in southern China Sea, and especially in the Jarag Sea.
What we captured there was something unexpected.
We captured now, the bottom of the sea.
90 percent of what we captured were sponges, other animals that are in the background.
And most of the fish are tiny blobs on a few resources, remains that are fish of coral reef.
In short, the sea bottom came to the cover and then it was thrown off.
These images are extraordinary, because transition is very fast.
In a year, you do a study, and then you start commercial fishing.
The bottom happens to be a solid corner of coral coral, in this case, to be a legal.
This is a dead turtle, this is dead.
They didn't eat them. They perched them because they were dead.
Once we captured a living.
I still wasn't a now.
So they wanted to kill it, because it was a good food.
This mountain of remains is what they collect every time they go to a zone where they've never fish.
But it has no documentary.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We adjust the patient point, the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generalize this something like this.
On the axis of the axis, we have good things, biodiversity, number of ecosystems, the verb of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Every generation will use the images of the beginning of their conscious life as the normal thing, and it will extrapolate it forward.
The difference is that they perceive loss.
But they didn't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the lack of change.
And at the end of the end, keep a few missing missing.
And that, in large measure, we want to do now.
We want to keep things that are no longer what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when predators kill animals without knowing what they've done to a few generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal that is very amazing, before they go extinct, is very often.
You don't lose abundant animals.
You lose little animals.
Even if this isn't perceived as a big loss.
Over time, we focus on the big animals, and in a sea synonymous of great fish.
They become unlikely because we fish them.
Over time there are few fish, but we think that's the point of particular.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists, question it was very different.
And you'll do it because evidence presented in an earlier way that they would expect to have the evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some of some of them presented as a captain like that, and so I saw a lot of fish in this area can't be used or, usually not using the scientists of fishing, because it's not scientific."
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, although we live in institutional societies, because they don't trust the sources of the past.
From there the huge role that can fulfill a protected marine zone.
Because with protected marine areas, we actually recreated the past.
We recreated the past that people can't conceive because the particular point has been running and it's highly low.
That is for people who can see a marine area protected and can benefit from the vision that it provides -- which allows them to erase their patient point.
And what about people who can't do it because they don't have access, like the Middle West, for example?
I think there are arts and cinema maybe can fill the vacuum. The simulation.
This is a simulation of the Chesapeake Bay.
A long time ago, there were gray whales in Chesapeake Bay, 500 years ago.
And you'll have noticed that the killing and the tools are like "Arabic."
And if you think about "Artistu: if you think about why people moved with the movie without talking about the story of Pollen -- why do you move to the pictures?
Because it conjures something that, in a sense, has been lost.
So my recommendation -- the only one to give, is to Cameron, doing Attache Indian under the water.
Thank you very much.
Hello. I'm Kevin Alpha, the YouTube TV manager -- and I look at YouTube videos in professional form.
It's true.
So today we're going to see why videos are made viral and what matters of it.
We all want to be stars, celebrities -- singers, companies -- when I was younger, that seemed very, very difficult.
But today the web video makes any of us, or our actions, copper in one part of our global culture.
Anyone can make the Internet famous in a sandwich.
They rise over 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And of those, only a little percentage is made viral -- it gets infinite of visits and gains cultural momentum.
How does that happen?
Three things: creators of trends, participatory communities and surprise factor.
Well, let's start.
Bert Vacan: Oh my God, my God.
Oh my God!
Wow.
Chris, wow!
KA: Last year, Bert Victory published this video film outside his house in the National Park of Yosemite Bay.
In 2010, it was seen 23 million times.
This graph shows the reproduction.
Berastic doesn't make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a bad rainbow.
That's what you do if it's called Mosman Mountain Berkeley.
I had published a lot of videos from nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kimma.
Jim Kimma published this theater that would kill the video to the population.
The trends of trends like Jimmy Kimma presents us together new and interesting things, and they divide them to a wider public.
Rebecca Baltimore:  It's Friday, Friday. You have to start the week.   Everybody wants to get the weekend weekend, the end of a week.   Venetic, Friday, starting the original.  KA: You don't think we can have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
Research of Republic Black is one of the most popular videos of the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency of use.
Like "Archime Green Drug, this video seemed to have emerged from nothing.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask those other peaks -- they're also Friday, too.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday wall?
Well, he took it to Toras, and a lot of blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson, from Mister Science Talk -- was one of the first people in making a joke about the video on Twitter.
But what's important is that a person or a group of trends of trends are adopting a point of view, and they share it with a broader audience, accelerating the process.
So this community of people who share this great inner joke then starts talking about that and doing things.
And now there's 10,000 paradigms of "Venera in YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each other day.
Unlike the American entertainment of the 20th century, this community involvement is our way to be part of the phenomenon by destroying it or doing something new with that.
"Nanch Carrier is a repetitive animation with a music reached.
So that's it.
This year saw it about 50 million times.
And if you think that's rare, you know that there's a three hours version that has been seen four million times.
The cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats to see the video.
But what's important here is the creativity that I woke up between the Internet creature of the Internet.
There was remoteness.
Somebody made a version of the old one.
And then it became international.
Suddenly, it came up with a whole feedback community that made this to be a stupid joke to something that we can all form part.
Because today we don't just enjoy, we share.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted "Archime save "Dopentor or Republic Black or "Christmas Carl?"
What a script could have written to control this situation?
In a world where you get two days of video per minute, only that really unique and unexpected thing can be stopped in the way that these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to see this great clip of a guy that protects the crowds to cyclist in New York, I admit that I don't care too much.
Casey Six: They moved to me not to circulate by biomass, but often there are obstacles that prevent you circular absolute for the biomass.
KA: Thank you to the surprise effect and his humor, Casey Nike made five million people to see and understand their idea.
So this approach is worth all the new things that we do in creative form.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Bert Vacan: What does this mean?
Chrome.
KA: What does this mean?
Transition creators, creative communities, totally unexpected, are characteristics of a new kind of media -- a new culture of a new culture, where we all have access and is the audience that defines popularity defining.
As I said earlier, one of the current celebrities in the world, Justin Bean, started in YouTube.
They don't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little owners of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media -- they're barely the current media, but define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that's still going on.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece, a man burning the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a drawing, a man whose entire life was supported in the only unit of unit and freedom of his country.
Imagine as the communities go into Sando, to address the fact that their life had been totally in vain.
The words, for so much time friends, now they would enjoy.
It was refugee in silence.
He died by the story.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not letting that have been in vain and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to get them off, but we embraced it.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat when you keep self-defended by sensing the sea.
My mother, Mah, was just 18 years old, when his father died, and a marriage conceived and two small girls.
For her, life had been destined to a task side, the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was inconceivable for her, I couldn't do it.
And after a four year-old saving the fiction, a boat was deposited towards the disguised sea of fishing fishing.
All adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was gunfire, rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother took a flask with poison.
If you get caught. First, we would take my sister and me, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant pace of the engine, the program diving in every wave, and the vast and empty horizon.
I didn't remember the pilots that came a few times, but they were fooled with the value of men in our boat, or the engine dying and unable to strike for six hours.
But I did remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, to finish the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I tried, given by men in the platform.
No apple had the same flavor.
After three months in a refugee camp, we died in Melton.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women across three generations by shaping a new life together.
We set up in Forger, a kind of clear class whose population is composed of immigrants.
Unlike the middle suburbs of class of middle class, I was unknown by Forgeria, in Boston, had no sense of the right.
The smell of the stores were the rest of the world.
And the fragments of closed English were traded between people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked in farmers, then on a line of car mountain, working six days, double turn.
Yet, I found time to study English and get a title on IT -- technology of the information.
We were poor.
All the dollars were assigned and established an extra tutor in English and mathematics, no matter what it should be taken, which was usually new clothes, it was always a second hand.
Two media pairs for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the tablets, because it had to spend six years.
And there were weird and painful sanks about the "comes "dropped and some graffiti -- Asians," come home.
At home, where?
Something in me was struggled.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said, "I'm going to support you."
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was exhausted, every night, but we told us about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother at home.
My mother suffered airplanes, all the boat.
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares would start to take it off.
She opened up a computer store, then I studied to be a strategy and opened another business.
And women came up with their stories about men who couldn't make the transition -- angry, inflations, and chocolate kids trapped between two worlds.
Supermarkets and pathologists.
Centers were created.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic Asian student, I implanted with what I was sued for myself.
In the other, I was buried in prison lives, tragic launched by violence, drug abuse and isolation.
But many of them got help over the years.
And for that work, when I was studying my last year of lawyers, I picked up the young Australian young year.
And I went into a piece of the puzzle to the other, but his edges didn't fit in.
So read, Anderson anonymous of Fourker, was now so Lee, refugees and social activist invited to speak in sites that I never heard to name, and at home whose existence would never have imagined.
I didn't know the protocols.
I didn't know how to use covers.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about nothing.
I wanted to go back to the routine and the comfort of life in an adult suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters ending the day as they did for almost 20 years, counting on the day of every one and getting asleep, the three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom who couldn't do it.
I remembered that I had now the same age that she had when she got into the boat.
He hasn't ever been an option.
"Here, he said, "You don't know what you're not."
So I talked about youth and education and destiny to the marginalized and the depressed.
And the more frankly I talked about, the more it was specs to speak.
I met people from all walks of life, many of them doing what they love, living in the boundary of the possible.
And although I ended up my limited, I realized I couldn't stay in a labor race.
It had to have another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it is okay to be a stranger, a newly received, new on the scene -- and not only that it's fine, but it's something that I'm grateful, maybe a ship of the boat.
Because being inside can easily mean collapsing the horizon, it can easily mean to accept the presentations of your province.
I gave the enough steps outside my comfort zone to know that, yeah, the world is destroyed, but not the way we fear it.
Possibility that had not been allowed to be altered tremendously.
There was an energy there, an optimistic optimism, a rare mixture of humility and value.
So I kept my intuition.
He joined a little group of people for whom the slogan can't do it was an irresistible challenge.
For one year, we didn't have a center.
At the end of every day, I made a giant pot of soup that we all share.
We worked up until the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant ones, and we opened up.
I made the decision to move to the U.S.
After a single journey.
My heart again.
Three months later, I had moved to me, and the adventure continued to continue.
Before I finished, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time where the Conflicting was the social norm and the local Managana was the person who matters.
Life hasn't changed for centuries.
Her father died shortly after she was born.
The mother was raised alone.
At the age of 17, it became computer from a Mandela whose mother was going to be coming in.
Without the support of his husband, caused a return to demand it and take the cause himself, and much more return to the when I won.
You can't do it demonstrated to be wrong.
He was in the shower at the fourth of a hotel in Sydney when she died, 3,000 miles in Melton.
I looked through the shoes of the shower and I saw it on the other side.
I knew he had come to me.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Fortune, and we sat around his home.
We told him stories, and we made sure we were still with her.
At night a mountain came and told us he had to close the hall.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
And I asked the money, "Why your hand is hot, and the rest of the body so cold as cold."
"Because you have taken your hand from the morning, he said.
"You haven't selected it."
If there's a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
Given who we were and how life shapes us, we can now see that the men who had reached our lives would have frustrated.
The defeat would have embraced easily.
Now I want to have my own children, and I wonder about the boat.
Who could wish that for you?
However, I fear to the privilege of how easy on the right.
Can I give you a place in your life, survived courageous in every wave, the constant pace of the engine, the vast horizon that doesn't guarantee nothing?
I don't know.
But if I could give it and see them safe, I would do it.
Treasure Newfill and also the mother of this is here today, in the fourth or fifth filter.
My story begins in Rachels about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the starry sky, with the Sufi singer Man Ali Salan.
We were considering how nothing has changed since the time of the old Indian expose "The Mahatma?
In those days when Indians wanted to travel to a cart and we had the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time, when I survived, the great Indian warrior process, I had side, it took a bow and a flag to the floor, it gets water.
We now do the same with tanks and machines.
The conclusion we did was that the machinery had replaced magic.
And that was a lot.
Every time I felt a little bit more than it.
I was terrified this idea of losing the ability to enjoy, and appreciating a to attack if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't bring it to my friends.
It seemed like technology had to allow the magic, not to kill it.
As a child, my grandfather gives me his religion plant release.
And this 10-year-old technological piece was for my most magical thing.
It became a double door to a world full of images, of pills and batteries in my imagination.
I had the sense that mobile phones, luxury clocks and cameras prevent that we are.
They raised our inspiration.
So I launched me to this technological world to see how to use it to create magic, rather than killing it.
I illustrates books since age 16 years.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a narrative device able to connect to the readers in the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
Add the text with the image, the animation, the sound and the touch.
The narrative becomes more and more multiplying.
But what does that mean?
I'm about to launch Khan, an interactive app for iPad.
He says, "Look at your fingers on every light."
And so --  says, "This box belongs to me -- I write my name.
And so I got a character of the book.
In many moments, I get a card -- the iPad knows where I live in the GPS -- that comes directly to me.
My inner girl is excited with all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot of magic.
And I don't mean magicians and dragons but to this magic of childhood, those ideas that we opened from children.
For some reason, fireflies in a jar always became exciting about me.
So here we have to tilt the iPad.
And actually, they lit your way into what remains the book.
Another idea that fascinated me was that a whole galaxy is able to do in a ball.
So here, every book and every world is transformed into a ball, that I dragged into this magic device, inside the device.
And this opens a map.
In every fantasy book, there have always been maps but they've been aesthetic maps.
This is a map that grows up, fresh and guide you during the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book, it also unfolds.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another very important aspect for me is to create Indian content and contemporary content.
These are the passengers here.
We've all heard of the fairies and the children, but how many people outside India know their Indian competitors, the approaches to pushed?
These poor passengers have been trapped in the Indian cameras for millennia, in an old and home book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child story.
In a story that deals with current issues like the environmental crisis.
And talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems of the last 10 years has been that children have been locked up, glued to their P.C. -- haven't gone outside the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can take our children into the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go out on the outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections: stops, stones and screams and shells.
For some reason, children don't do it.
So to reclaim this ritual of childhood, you have to go out and on a chapter to take a picture to a flower and then label it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label it.
So it creates a digital collection of pictures that then you can put on the Web.
A boy of London puts a picture of a stream and says, "Oh, I saw a bombardiers."
A child from India says, "I saw a monkey."
And it creates this kind of social network around a collection of digital photos that have been being made.
Inside the variants of connections between magic, Earth and technology are a lot of possibilities.
In the next book, we were able to have an interaction in which you go out with the iPad and the video accomplished and actually increase you see a group of animal stores that appear on the interior plants of the house.
At a moment, the screen is full of leaves.
And you have to make the sound of wind and use them so you can read the rest of the book.
We go to a world where the forces of nature are involved with technology and magic and technology to each other.
We took the energy of the sun.
We're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and to that magic, joy and child love that we feel through a simple story.
Thank you.
I would like to talk to you why a lot of health projects fail.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at the Rose University was to go to a director of listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she was a little coffee cup or you and I asked patients, family and known -- what happens?
How can we help?"
And we tend to think, that this is one of the biggest problems for what you all, or maybe not all, but most of the health projects fail, because we stopped listening.
This is my bedroom Wikipedia. It's a very simple thing.
It has a short piece of line and approached.
Every morning I hit me.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I set up the challenge of getting to 95 kilometers.
But it's so simple, that every time I connect myself, I send my information to Google Health.
And my medical doctor has access to him as well. So he can see what my weight problem is, not at the same time when it needs character assistance or some urgency of that style, but to see it backwards.
But there's another thing.
As some of you know, I have more than 4,000 followers.
So every morning I connected to my blood block and before I went up to my car, people start talking, Los, today I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of the pairs used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people from their chairs and together develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week will be available.
This little member connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people can, from their homes, take their art pressure, send them to their doctors, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients take a position, come back to the control and be captains of their own ship, but also can help us to care about health care because of the challenges that we face, like the department of the cost of medical attention, deposition of demand and other issues.
To make techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like this, but also by crossword.
And one of the things we did like to share it with you with a video video.
We all have navigation controls in cars.
Maybe we even have them in our cell phones.
We know perfectly where the ATMs are in Marcus in Marcus.
Also where all of the gas are.
And of course, we can find fast food chains.
But where is the nearest DNA to help this patient?
We asked it, but nobody knew it.
Nobody knows where to get the DNA saves lives right now.
What we did was we do crossword in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the public to say, "You see a DNA, please send it, tell you, and when it's open, and when it's open, because sometimes open in hours of office and others are closed.
And over 10,000 DVDs already presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the app for that.
And we made an app for the iPad.
We created an app for Law, really increased, to find these DNA.
And every time they're in the city of Martin and someone collapse, you can use your iPhone, and the next weeks to use their Microsoft cell to find the nearest DNA, which can save lives.
And from today, I'd like to present this, not only as DNA 20,000 DNA, which is the name of the product, but also as USDA.
And we wanted to start at the world level.
We're driving all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find, work and act like a center for the CROs of the DNA around the world.
Every time they are of vacation and someone collapses, it can be a relatives or somebody in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us value these DNA.
They could be messaging services or phone people, for example, to see if the DNA that's shown is still in place.
Please, help us in this and not only improve the health, but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photograph.
Or is it photograph?
Because, of course, they're photographs that can't take with their cameras.
My interest for photography was woke up with my first digital camera at age 15 years.
It mixed with my passion before the drawing -- but it was a little different because of using the camera the process was in planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera the process ends up when you press the puzzle.
For me, photography had more to do with being in the right place, at the right time.
It seemed like anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would start to press the puzzle.
Pictures like this: a construction in a very transformative road.
But it has an unexpected twist.
And despite that, it keeps a level of reality.
Or pictures like these -- dark and colorful at the same time, but with the common objective of keeping the performance level.
And when I say I say providers.
Because, of course, it's not something that can capture but I always want it to be captured somehow as a photograph.
Pictures where you have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to do with capturing an idea that with capturing a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them seem real?
Are the details or the colors?
Does the light?
What does the illusion?
Sometimes the illusion is perspective.
But at the end of this is our way to interpret the world, and how you can perceive in a two-dimensional surface.
It's actually not about whether it's realistic, but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of the reality that we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create alternative reality.
I'll show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfectly imaginary objects, something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a certain way you can create something that is still three-dimensional as if it existed.
But at the same time, we know that there's no exist.
So we deceive the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that it doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process when we combine pictures.
It really is to combine different realities.
And the things that make a picture seem realistic I think are those where we don't even think, the things that surround us in our everyday life.
But when you combine photographs is very important to consider it, because otherwise something looks bad.
So I'd like to say that there are three simple rules that I'm going to follow to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective.
Second, the photographs combined must have the same kind of light.
And these two images come up with these requirements. They were taken to the same height and the same kind of light.
The third point is to make impossible to distinguish the beginning and the end of the different images with perfect unity.
It has to be impossible to see where the image is.
This is another example.
You might think that this is the image of a landscape and the bottom is manipulated.
But this image is totally composed by photographs of different places.
In the personal, I think it's easier to create a place than finding because you don't need to put the ideas in danger the ideas that you have in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea in winter knew that I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the pieces of the puzzle.
For example, the fish was captured in a fishing journey.
The costs are from a different location.
The suburban part was captured in a stone bag.
And yes, I even made red the house of the top of the island so that it looks more slight.
So to make a realistic result I think it takes planning.
It always starts with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different pictures.
And here every piece is very well thinking.
If you do a good job when you take the photos, the outcome can be very beautiful.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start showing you a slide about technology, very boring.
Please, if you can put it.
It's a diagram anybody who took from a folder.
I'm not so interested in showing you the details, but the general thing.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of the Richard microprocessors versus the power of local areas.
What's interesting about this is that this one, as a lot of others that we tend to see is a kind of straight line in a logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents an order of magnitude on the performance scale.
Talk about technology with sexual curves is something new.
Something bizarre here happens.
And that's exactly what I'm going to talk about.
Please, follow the lights.
I would need more intensity because writing about paper.
Why do we grow technological curves in logarithmic scale?
The answer is that if you draw them in a normal curve where we say, these are the years, or some unit of time, and this would be any measure of technology that I wanted to grab, the diagram would see something ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say much.
But if a graph for example, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a smartphone curve would be very dumb, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this, it gives a qualitative change.
If the technology of transportation would move as fast as the microprocessor of microbes, tomorrow tomorrow we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't move to that rhythm.
There is no precedent in the history of technological development of a weather growth that every few years advance orders of magnitude.
The question I want to plan is -- look at these exponential curves -- we see that they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to sustain this change as fast as it goes.
One of two things.
Or it will become a typical curve I know as this as it comes up to something completely different, or maybe doing something like this.
That's all it can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
So now we would be in the middle of a transition.
In this line, we are in a transition of what used to be the world, to a new way.
So what I try to ask and ask you, is, what's that new way that the world advertising the world?
What new state is the world heading?
The transition seems very, very confusing if we're immersed in it.
I remember the future happened in 2000, and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see that the future is still the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been embedded, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel something is happening.
A transformation. We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because everything is so different than exploring what we're doing today does not make any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how it could be that transition that we experienced with.
But to do that will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and computer.
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and look at things over the long term.
The time scale that I'd like to do is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we went back to about two billion years ago when the Earth was a great sterile rock with many chemicals that float around it.
If we see the way that those chemicals organize us, we give an idea of how things happen.
And I think there are theories to start to understand the origin with RNA -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and that is, at that time, I had floating some oil droplet with all kinds of chemical recipes in his inside.
Some of those oil droplet had a particular combination of chemicals that made them get materials from the outside, and so the droplets grew up.
And they started to divide.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms, those oil droplet forms.
But those goals were not alive, in the current sense, because each of them contained a random recipe of chemicals.
And every time they were dividing, they had an unequal distribution of the chemicals that they had.
So every drop was a little different.
In fact, the goals that somehow became better at the time to incorporate the chemical chimpanzees, they grew more chemicals and they were divided more.
They usually lived more time, they were more represented by them.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things became interesting when these garages learned the trick of abstraction.
In some way that we don't understand these pictures they learned to store information.
They learned to save information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they were involved in this need without sense, a writing system that allowed them to register what they were to be able to replicate.
What's amazing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since they evolved two billion years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I made for fun -- now we can write things with this code.
Here I have 100 microscopes of white dust that I try to hide the safety people of the airport.
But he -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this DNA fragments and I posted it 10 to 22 times.
So if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card -- I have a lot of the present for every single person in the world, and it's here.
If it was a club that would have put it in a virus and would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step here?
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy another billion years old.
But then another great step happened in which things were very different, and it was that these cells started exchanging and communicating information forming so much cells of cells.
I don't know if you know it, but bacteria can swap DNA.
So for example, they evolved resistance to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found the way to avoid penicillin and put them stuck to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there's a lot of resistance to penicillin, because bacteria communicate.
So this communication has been able to form communities that, in a way, they were together in that, and they set up a synergy system.
So they survived or failed together, or whether a community was very successful in all of the individuals in that community were represented more and they were blessed by evolution.
And the point of inflection occurred when these communities came up so much that in fact, they joined and decided to write the whole recipe of the community together in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And in that stage, we have multicultural communities, communities of many different kinds of cells working together as a single organism.
In fact, we are a multitasking community.
We have a lot of cells that don't act alone.
The skin cell does not serve the heart, or the muscle of muscles, or the brain, etc.
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels than the cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened inside these communities.
These started to absorb information.
And building very special structures that didn't make more than process information in community.
They are the neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they began to specialize within the community being the responsible structures of recording, understanding and transferring information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that time as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism -- not at the period of evolutionary time.
So an organism could, for example, learning how to eat certain fruit because he knew bad and sick the last time he ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism given that before they had built these information processing structures that for evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals who ate that fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system built those structures of information dramatically accelerated the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen confined to an individual.
It could happen in time necessary to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea a vague idea, in your head.
I am here sitting emitting a few degrees and hopefully building a similar idea, vague and confused, in his heads that saves certain analogy with mine.
But we take something very complicated we turn it into sound, in sound sequences and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That is now enabling us to start to work like an organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we've started to perform abstractions.
We now spend the similar periods to the multicellular organisms, we abstract our records of recording and presentation and information processing.
For example, language invention was a little step in that direction.
The television, the computer, the video tape, the CDPR, and so on, are the specialized mechanisms that we now built to manage that information.
And that makes us much more big, faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in milliseconds.
You saw the evolutionary end of T where I produced certain evolution with the Common program, before our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the time scales again.
The first stages of the story that told them took a billion years apiece.
The next stage, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The following, language etc., took less than a million years old.
And the following, like the electronics, seems to take only a few decades.
The process is feeding -- I guess colorate is the right word to name something that accelerates its own pace of change.
The more change, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we see in this explosion of the curve.
We see that the process is feeding.
But I won my life designing computers, and I know the mechanisms that I employed to design them wouldn't be possible without recent computer breakthroughs.
But now I design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design them in a conventional way.
I don't know that it makes every transistor in that machine of connections.
There are billions of millions.
Instead of that, with the designers of Tinkering Macamas, we think about a level of abstraction -- we put it in the machine and the machine with that does something that you can't before before you could get far further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes employed methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using lately is evolution itself.
We put inside the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of the microseconds.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from a random self-description sequence.
We said, "Please, computer -- can you run a hundred million sequences of instruments of stressed instruments?
Could you run these sequences of instrumentation instructions, to run all of those programs and take those more approximate to what we want to do?"
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are closer to tidying numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that some random self-descriptions of instructions, order numbers, so none of them did it.
But one, fortunately, could take two numbers in the right order.
And I said, "Computer, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that you better did the task that they did?
We grab those and eliminate the rest.
And now we reproduce the ones that are best ordered the numbers.
And let's go back to them following a research process of research analog to sex.
We take two programs that are raising children, which are surprising survivors, and that children inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of programmed programs of programs that had a little bit more successfully.
And we say, "Please, repeat the process."
It's again.
It involves some mutations.
And it tries again, and it takes another generation again.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can do the equivalent to millions of years of evolution in a few minutes, or in complicated cases, in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs that order numbers in an absolutely perfect way.
In fact, they're programs much more efficient than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs I can't say how they work.
I've tried to analyze you to see how they work.
They are dark programs. Strange.
But turn the comet.
In fact, I know -- I have the security that you get the target because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that they did it.
In fact, their lives depend on doing it.
Once I was in a 747 with Marvin Minister and puts a card and says, "Look at this.
He says, "This airplane has hundreds of thousands of particles that work together to offer a safe flight. Doesn't it make you feel consider?
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they become complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to make some different design processes.
And that allows us to produce things much more complex than the normal engineering does.
However, we don't understand from all the choices that there is.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
We now use those programs to make computers much faster, and so we can run these programs much faster.
I mean, it feeds up.
The thing goes faster, and that's why I think it looks so confusion.
Because all of these technologies are moving.
We're afraid.
And we are at an analogous moment in the analog of single-celled organisms when they became multiplying.
We are the amoebas and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the point of influence.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant about our thinking that we are the end product of evolution.
And I think all of us are part of the creation of whatever it is.
But now comes the lunch, and I think I'm going to stop here before I get eliminated.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've experienced enough time to allow me to cede part of my false pressure on that.
Before I treat the topic of my talk, let's talk about a little bit of baseball.
Why not?
We're close to the end of the world, and the World Street is over.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's going to go out "Romantic rules and talk about the statistics and use them to form a great baseball team.
I will focus on one of them, and I hope that many of you know it.
It's called a battery average.
And we talked about 300,000 of a battery that kills 300.
That means that the benefit is effectively, three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball into the game of play without being a card, and that anyone who tries to launch it to the first base doesn't get time, and the second base will be saved.
Three trials in 10.
You know how you call a 300 battery in the Great Listening Lagos?"
Well, really good, maybe the team of stars.
You know how you call a 400 baseball battery battery?
By the way, that's somebody who is 10 pounds, it takes four.
Lego, as the legendary Tedah Williams, the last player of the Great League of Bearlean to execute more 400 taps in a regular season.
Now let's take this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable, or perhaps less uncomfortable, after what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose they have additional additions, and they're dedicated to a surgeon that has a 400 record of a 400 in games.
So it doesn't work, right?
Now suppose that they live in a legal place and a loved place has two open coronary arteries and your family doctor that derived it to a cardiologist whose record in Babylonian is 200 dollars.
But do you know something?
She is really improving this year.
And their ears have been 250.
This is not working.
But I'll ask you to ask you.
What do you think that should be the average of a heart surgeon or orthopedic surgeons, a nurse or a genetic open open?
One, very good.
And the truth of the issue is that nobody in the whole medicine knows the deals of a good surgeon, a doctor or a paradigm.
What we do, however, is send them to the world, and it includes me, with the mandate of being perfect.
That never, ever made a mistake and a sense of figuring out how to do well.
That was the message I observed when I was in medical school.
I was a compassionate obsessional student.
Once, a fellow in high school said that Brian Goldian studied until a blood test.
Like that.
I studied in my little delivery, in the nurses of nurses of the General Hospital in Toronto, not far from here.
And I learned all of memory.
From my class of anatomy -- memory the origin and muscle work, the branching of every art that comes out of the alarm, the frequent differential diagnosis and the non-lethal.
And I even knew differential diagnosis about how to classify the kidney tourist advantage.
And as much more and more knowledge.
And I was very good. I graduated.
And it comes from medicine school with the impression that if I memorized everything, then I would know everything, or the most possible, close to the whole thing, because so I would communicate from mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met the Drug lady.
I was a resident in a university hospital here, in Toronto when they brought to the Drug lady to the emergency service where I was working.
At the time, I was assigned to the carbon service.
And when you emerge that I used to meet a cardiologist to go to that patient.
To inform the boss of residents.
When I saw the Drug lady, I was going on.
I heard a restaurant sound.
And when I added it, I heard a sound worked on both sides -- which was that I gave up an insufficient heart failure.
In these conditions the heart stops working, and instead of bringing the blood forward, the blood goes to the lungs, these are filled by blood, and so there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnosis.
I did it and I got to work on the treatment that I would give you.
He gave him aspirin and medicine to relieve pressure in his heart.
He gave him diarrheas, water pills.
And in an hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very well.
And there it was when he made the first mistake. He sent her home.
Actually, I made two more mistakes.
He sent her home without talking to the head of residents.
I didn't get up the phone, I didn't do what I should have done, which was to call my boss and put it with him to see it.
And if my boss would have seen it, it would have been able to deliver complementary information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident that would require constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility, which could take care of my patients without even counting my boss.
The second mistake I made was worse.
When I send it home, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my interior that said, "Global, it's not a good idea. Don't do it."
In fact, I was so insecure that I asked the nurse to take care of the Drug lady -- "Do you think it's well if you go home.
And the nurse thought and then he said with total nature," "Yes, I think I'll be OK."
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So I signed up the high and the ambulance together with the paradigms they took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, I had a bad presentation in the stomach.
But I kept my job.
At the end of the day, I was a picture to leave the hospital and walked towards the parking station where my car was to go home. At that point, I did something that I don't normally do.
It happened by the emergency service of the way home.
And there another nurse, I don't care about the Drug lady before, but another one. He told me three words, those three words that most emergency doctors have ended.
Other specialists also fear it, but there's a particular in emotion and is that we see the patients for the force.
The three words are: Remember you?
"Do you remember the patient who sent his house?
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
"Well, she came back, with the same voice.
She was fine.
But I went back and on the brink of death.
In the course of an hour to have arrived at his house, after I gave her the high -- he suffered a collapse, and his family called 911 the paradigms brought it into emergencies with a artistic pressure of 50 feet from H, which means a severe shock.
I just breathed and was blue.
The emergency staff put all its resources.
They gave them medication to upload the arterial pressure.
They put an artificial responsibility.
I was consumed and rocked to the core.
He had a mixture of feelings because after the starts were in intensive therapy and waiting for all hope that would recover.
And in the two or three days next day it was obvious that I would never wake up.
He had an irreversible brain damage.
The family came together.
And in eight or nine days, they were resistant to what was happening.
And at the ninth day, they let him go. Mrs. Dragon, mother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names of those who die.
That was my first experience.
The next week, I was punished by it and experienced for the first time the wonderful shame that exists in our medical culture and felt just silent, without feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the papers and you never make that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The wonderful shame that I talk about is the one that makes us feel very bad in it.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was bad, but we're bad.
And it felt that.
And it wasn't for my boss -- he was a love.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure I hold things and make sure that they wouldn't hurt me.
And I kept asking these questions.
Why didn't I ask my boy: Why did I send her home.
And in my worst moments, why did it make such a stupid mistake?
Why do I choose medicine?
Gradually, that feeling was spreading.
And I started feeling better.
And in one day, he opened up the sky and finally came out the sun, and I wondered if I would feel better again.
And I made a deal with myself where if I was able to reframe the efforts to be perfect to make no errors, I would make those voices away.
And it was.
I went back to work.
But it went back to happen.
Two years later, it was help in the emergency department in a community hospital in northern Toronto, and I got a 25-year-old man with a pain in the garden.
I was really busy and stickled.
And he pointed up here.
He looked at his throat, I was a little bit colored to it.
He wrote her penisitality and sent him home.
But as he went to the door she kept blowing up his throat.
Two days later, when I came to make my graduate change, my boss asked to talk to me about his office.
And I went out the three words: Remember you?
Remember the patient who saw for a pain in the garden?
So he came back and didn't have a strategic family.
He had a potentially deadly effect called epidemics.
You can look at Google. It's an infection, not from the throat, but from the upper air, and that can cause the closing of those tracks.
He, fortunately, didn't fail.
You have anti-commentation antibiotics and it was recovered in a few days.
And you go through the same period of shame and representations, then I was relieved and I went back to work, until over and over again, and again.
Two times in the same round of urgency, not a player that was adding.
And it's a great effort, especially working in a hospital, because it goes to 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home, and I don't think it's been a discovery.
One of them thought he had a kidney calculation.
They ordered a risk of kidneys, but it turned out normal -- a colleague that was looking at the patient perceived certain sensitivity in the lower right quadrant, and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
I read liquid to retire and asked my colleague to reverse it.
They checked it up, and he noticed certain sensitivity in the lower right quadrant, called the surgeon, called the surgeon.
They were operated and they recovered well.
But every case struck me, I was determined.
But I'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise, and as a lot of colleagues say, it's a beautiful.
The most significant ones have been for the last five years.
It's just embarrassed and supportive.
And here's the problem: if I can't release and talk about my errors, if I can't find the vocabulary that tells me what really happens, how can you share this with my colleagues?
How do you teach them this so they don't eat the same mistakes?
If I would go to a place like this, I would have no idea what you think about me.
When was the last time you heard somebody talking about failure, after failure, after failure?
Of course, in a party you'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but you won't listen to somebody talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues as well, that a traffic in my hospital in my hospital was the wrong leg, believe it would have difficulty to look at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system that there are two positions -- those who make mistakes and the ones that don't sleep -- those who can't sleep and the ones that you know, the ones that have the results and the ones that have great outcomes.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, as antibodies that start to attack that person.
We have the idea that if we move from medicine to people who make errors, we will be a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years of discussion and medical journalism, I've made a personal study of bad medical print and medical errors, to learn how possible, from the first article that I wrote for the Stanford Toron to my program," "What Colorado Coar, Black Art Delicing Balfond Ballowshole artist."
And what I learned is that errors are pervasive.
We work in a system where errors are happening every day where one of the 10 drugs in the hospital are wrong, or defeation is not right. In a system where institutional infections are increasingly more and more numerous and more numerous and death and death.
In this country, they die 24,000 channels by extraordinary medical mistakes.
The U.S. Medical Institute established 100,000 thousand.
In both cases, it is a strong suburban, because we're not destroying the problem as we should.
And that's what things are.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiplied every two or three years, and we don't update us.
And sleep deprivation.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow us to make a perfect story of a patient with pain on the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain on the chest, and it comes local with solid eyes, and with wind to alcohol, and all of the sudden, my story is that we have a despair.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot. I don't do things always the same.
And my patients are not cars. They don't relate their symptoms always in the same way.
For all this, errors are inevitable.
So if we take the system as taught us, and we eliminated all the professional problems to mistake, well, it's not going to be anyone.
And do people don't want to talk about their stronger case?
In my program, "Delicine "Delicin," black art, is a surge to say, "This is my worst mistake. I would tell everybody, from the paradigms to the head of heart surgery to the heart of heart surgery -- "This is my worst broadband," blah, blah blah blah. What are your mistakes? And he would steer the microphone to them.
And his students would stop, they would go back, and they went down the head and throw up and start telling their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
You want to be able to say, "Look, they don't eat the same break."
They need a context where we can do it.
They need a legitimate medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The redefined physician is human -- you know human, it accepts it, and it doesn't be proud of its errors, but it gets enough to learn from what happened to teach others.
It shares their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It pointed out the mistakes of other people not trying to catch them, but in a loving way and support way for everybody to benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings are directing the system, and when this happens, they make errors sometimes.
My name is Brian Goldbiry.
I'm a redefined doctor.
I'm a human, a mistake of mistakes.
And I feel a lot, but I strive for learning something that can transmit others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words: I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take any day?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
I recently made a survey to more than 2,000 people and the average amount of choice that says to pick up an average American. It's about 70 a day.
It doesn't do a lot, in a research for a week to a group of presidents of companies.
The researchers recorded the different tasks that these executives and the time they used to make age-related decisions with those tasks.
They found that in average, they took up 13 jobs a week.
Naturally, every job included many measurements.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time.
Now think about your elections.
You know how many people belong to the new mind category, and how many of the time in an hour?
How does the way make those decisions?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of the current thing, choosing to the overload of options.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
As I talk about this I'm going to ask you a few questions, and I need to know your answers.
When I ask a question, as I'm blind, raise your hand only if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when I ask a question, if your answer is positive please give a past.
And now my first question of the day, are you ready to hear about the problem of the speech of options?
Thank you.
Being a graduate student at Stanford University, I discovered this very high level of level -- at least at least that time was very sophisticated.
It was called Dresser.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were like 250 different classes of mustard and vinegar, over 500 different kinds of fruits and vegetables and about 25 of the water bottled -- and this was when we took the water water.
I loved going to that tent, but in an occasion, I asked myself, why never bought nothing?
This is the standard of the olive oil.
They had more than 75 different classes including those who were in sealed box that came from military trees.
I once decided to visit the manager and ask him, "Is this strategy of offering all these options?
He pointed to me the buses full of tourists that came up every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to do a little experiment with the mixed.
walk.
They had 34 different classes.
We installed a bridge to say, right at the entrance of the store.
We put out there from six tastes, or 24 different flavors and we saw two things: First, what case people were willing to stop the mixture of missing?
More people stopped when there were 24, 60 percent, that when there were only six, 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a marketplace through.
Here's the opposite effect.
Those who stopped when there were 24, only three percent came to buy member.
Of those who stopped when there were six, we saw that 30 percent bought market.
If we do the math, people had six times more likely to buy member if they found six.
Well, deciding that we don't buy memory probably makes us --  less is good to conserve the line, but it turns out that the problem of the overload of choices affect us in very momentous decisions.
We decided not to decide, even though this doesn't make us.
Now the theme of the day, the financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with guru Harvard, Emission Kamian and Weibo Janey, where we saw the decisions about savings for about a million Americans, from about 600 plans of this country.
We were interested in seeing if the number of forces of funding available in savings plans for retirement, the 1014 program, described people to save for the future.
And we discovered that actually there was a correlation.
We had 650 plans that were from two, to 59 different options.
We found that the bigger the number of open funds, there was less participation.
So if we look at the extremes -- we see that in the plans that offer two funds, the rate of participation was 70 or more, not as high as you wanted.
And in the plans that offered 60 funds, the rate of participation went up to 60 percent.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more options, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those who decided to participate, the greater the number of options, more people were involved by avoiding the actions or the investment funds.
At the time, there were more options, they were more willing to invest in financial markets.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we would recover to optimize future financial well-being.
In the previous decade, we've seen three main negative consequences by offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that they make the decision, that apply it even when this goes against the interest itself.
It is more likely to make the worst decisions in finance and health.
They're more likely to pick things less satisfied, although objectively it gets better.
The main reason is that we get to look at that giant variety of massive, mustard mustard and wine and market, but we are not able to do the calculations to compare and contract and choose that amazing exhibition.
Today I want to propose to you four simple techniques that we've rehearsed in one form or another, in different research, so you can test in your business.
The first is, Court.
You've heard before, but it's never been more true than today, which is less than more.
People are always annoyed when I say, "Colder Court."
They worry about losing space in the alama.
But actually what we're looking at is that if you decide to cut, you get rid of weird reduced choices, there will be an increase in the sales, to go down the costs, there will be a better experience in choice.
When Project & Gamble went from 26 different types of Health & Sharks to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the corporation Cochrane Cochrane eliminated the products for cats that are less sold to the stuff that they sold in, the uses of 87 percent, for two causes, bigger sales and lower costs.
You know that the supermarkets today, in average, offers 45,000 products.
In a Walmar store, they offer about 100,000 products.
But the ninth largest store in the current world is Alexander and offers only 1,400 products -- a kind of tomato sauce in the tin.
In the financial savings world, I think one of the best examples that have emerged on how to handle the choices better is the plan of David Langaria, the Harvard program.
All of the employees of Harvard are automatically built to a safety fund.
Those who really want to choose, they offer 20 funds, not 300 or more.
You know often people say, "I don't know how to cut up.
They're all important options.
The first thing I do is ask the employees? Tell me the differences that there are among those options.
And if your employees can't difference, you can't make your customers."
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was chatting with Gara.
He told me that he would be willing to offer people from this audience a few patients with all paid the world's most beautiful road.
Here, a description here.
I want you to read.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give you an applause if you're ready to take the offer of Gara.
(Audience applause) Okay.
Are you not more?
Well, I'm going to show you something more.
You know there was a trick.
Who is ready for that journey?
I think I actually had to hear more hands.
All right.
Actually, you had more information in the first round than in the second round than in the second hand, but I can go forward and say they thought the second time was more real.
Because the images make it look more real.
This leads to the second technique to handle the problem of the overload of choices, which is to Congress.
So that people understand the differences between options, they have to understand the consequences of each option, and that consequences must feel very virtually, very concrete, very concerned.
Why do people spend 15 percent more in average when you use debit card cards or credit cards that when you use effective personalities?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out that making it look more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with School Benjamin and Anderson Previolent, especially individual individual people who worked in Industry, these people were in a meeting in which they were stacking to a 404 plan.
At that meeting, that we built exactly as being used -- we made a little addiction.
What we added was we encouraged the staff to think about the positive things that happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this minute there was an increase in the hobbies of 20 percent and an increase in the amount that were interested in saving or what they wanted to put on their savings account, four percent.
The third technique is Claim.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study we did in a magazine hall.
We saw that in the Webs in the Wall supermarkets across the North, magazines can contain from 33 different types to 660.
But, you know?
Because classification.
These are two themselves of jewelry.
One is called "Japanese and the other, Sanda."
If you think the one on the left is Singapore, and the one on the right is Japanese, give a past.
(Music applause) Well, there's some people.
If you think the one on the left is Japanese and the one on the right is Singapore, they give a past.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is Japanese and the one on the right is Swisher. But you know something?
This scale of classification is totally useless.
Catheters have to indicate something that they choose, not when they define them.
You often see this problem with those huge lists of funds.
You know, who are you informing?
My fourth category: Connect complexity.
It turns out that we can handle much more information than we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We have to increase complexity gradually.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean to say.
Let's see a very complicated decision -- the purchase of a car.
This is a German manufacturer of cars that allow you to do it completely.
You have to take 60 decisions, to break the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that offer each other.
colors, outside of the car. I have 56 possibilities.
Motor, change box, four options.
What I'm going to do is vary the order in which the decisions appear.
So half of the clients are going to go from a lot of options, 56 colors, a few boxes.
The other half of the clients are going to go from a few options, four boxes, 56 colors, many options.
And what am I going to look at?
How involved you are.
If you always get the button for defect in every decision in every decision, this indicates you're opened, or it is, we're losing them.
We find that those who go from a lot of choices to the few, they optimize the button for defect over and over again, and another one.
We lost them.
If you go from few choices to many, they continue there.
The same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was disrupt the order that information is presented.
If we start with the easy one, you learn to pick up.
Although choosing the box of changes will not say anything about the preferences of inner decor, all ways are preparing us to choice.
We're excited about a product that we're building that now has more shined with the process.
To sum up.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of options of options, cutting, eliminating strange alternatives. Concrete, make it real. Clearly, we can handle more categories with less choices -- to get complexity.
All these techniques that I presented were designed to help manage the alternatives or better, for you, to use them in your issues, or for people who are serving.
That is that I think the key to getting the best of a choice is being careful when you pick up.
And the more careful we are in our choices better we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the 1980s, in the Middle East Germany, if you had a writing machine, I had to register it to the government.
He had to register a text of example written with the machine.
And this for the government could trace the origin of text.
If you found a desk with the wrong message, you could trace the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West, we don't think someone could do this, so much that this will limit freedom of expression.
We never would do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color printer from any big manufacturer and print a page, that page will end up having a few yellow public dots in every page that makes a pattern of one and your printer.
That's happening today.
And nobody seems to be a lot of stream for this.
This is an example of ways that our governments use technology against us, citizens.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems on the network.
If we see what happens in the online world, we can shorten the attacks according to their attacks.
There are three main groups.
They're the cybercriminals.
Like Mr. Pittiober Goldian from the city of Kitemic, in Ukraine.
The civil cell is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use cyberattacks to earn a lot of money, huge amounts.
There's actually a lot of millions online, military, multiplying money with their attacks.
This is Valley Tasmania, from Targal, Stepher.
This is Alfred Google.
This is Stephen Water.
This is Abu Sun.
These are Matthew Anderson Andressen, Taliban Delatin etc., etc., etc.
These guys make their fortunes online, but they do it by illegal media through banking thermomes to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy in an infected computer.
The secret service in America, two months ago, froze the Swiss account of this lady, Sam Jeff, and this account had 14 million dollars when it was frozen.
Mr. Jeff looked at sound, you know his shore.
And I say that today is more likely than any of us is a victim of a circle than a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this goes wrong in worse.
In the future, most crimes will happen online.
The second group of actions in importance that we see today is not motivated by the money.
There's another thing that motion, they motivate the protests, they motivate the opinions, they motivate laughter.
Groups as Anonymous have been discovered in the last 12 months using a role in online attacks.
Those are the three main attacks, the criminals that make it for money, hackers like Anonymous who do it to protect and the last group are the national states, the governments that they attack.
And then we see cases like Discovery.
That's a good example of government attack against its own citizens.
Disnetell is a certified authority of the Netherlands Central, or actually, it was.
He declared the launch the last thing because of a short.
They opened the safety of the site and perpetrated a cockroach.
Last week I asked -- in a meeting with representative government representatives -- asked one of the leaders if they found the death of people death in the attack to Discovery.
And the answer of it was yes.
So how do people die?
Discovery is a certified authority.
They sell certificate.
Why do they serve choices?
Well, you need if you have a website with highest, encrypted services, Stanford services, services like Ghumorical.
Except that you can intercept a foreign certain authority.
They emit applications and employees changed.
And in the case of Discovery, it was exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring, and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt.
Well, in Egypt, the protesters took the section of the Egyptian secret police in April 2011, and during the story of the building, they found a lot of papers.
Among those paper was this folder called "Nonword "Nigeria."
And within that folder, there were notes of a set company in Germany who had sold the Egyptian government to intercept large-scale communications.
They had sold this tool for 200,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The headquarters of the company is right here.
I mean, Western governments provide tools to totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments also do this to themselves.
For example, in Germany, just a couple of weeks ago, he found the San Tribe -- a tree used by the German government officials to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is interviewed.
But today it goes further.
The Internet connection is interested.
They'll use even tools like the Sono Tribe to infect our computer with a trick to allow them to see all the communication, and listen to the online discussion, to get our data.
When we really think about things like these obvious answer should be "Well, it seems bad, but I don't really affect because I'm a honest citizen.
Why worry?
I have nothing to hide.
And that argument makes no sense.
It's in play.
Privacy is not broken.
It's not a question of privacy versus security.
It's about freedom against control.
While we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right that we're going to resist today, it'll be forever.
Are we going to be blindly in any future government in an administration that we could have in 50 years?
These are the questions that have to worry about in the next 50 years.
This is where I live. I live in Kenya, at the south of the National National Park.
These are the cows of my dad to the bottom and behind the cow, the National Park of Nairobi.
The National Park of Nairobi has no close in most of the south, which means that wild animals like celebrates migrate freely outside the park.
And predators, like lions -- follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our cattle.
This is one of the ones that killed at night, and so soon we got up in the morning, and we found it very bad, because it was the only bull we had.
My community, the masses, we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to stop them, and so we value them so much.
So I grew up giving a lot of the lions.
They die are warriors that protect our community and livestock and they are also annoyed with the problem.
So they kill lions.
This is one of six lions that killed in Nairobi.
I think that's why there are so few in the National National Park.
A child in my community, at the age of six to nine years old, is responsible for his father and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions gave them fear.
But I realized that it didn't really know, because I even helped the lions see the strategy of the far.
I didn't give me. I continue.
A second idea was to use a laboratory.
He tried to get to the lions so they believed it was near the style.
But lions are very clever.  They came the first day and saw the planetanisms, and they went out, but the second day, they came back and said, this thing doesn't move, it's always here.  So they jumped and killed animals.
So one night I was walking around the stage with a torch and that day lions didn't come.
I discovered that lions are afraid of the light that moves around.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch that I would learn and turn the lights off.
And this is a little lamp of a broken line.
Armande everything.
As you can see, the solar panel charges the battery and the battery supply the electricity to the little income box, I call it a transformation.
And the indicator box makes lights deliberately.
As you can see, the light bulb stops out, because that's where lions come from.
And this is how lions see it when you come at night.
The lights go out and send the lions to think I'm walking through the strategy, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never have problems with the lions.
And the neighborhood houses heard the idea.
One of them is this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals and asked if I could put the lights.
I said yes.
I put it up. You can see the bottom -- these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community, and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used by the whole Kenya to scare other predators like heroin, leaders, and it's also being used for explosion of the farmers.
Because of this invention, I was fortunate to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Brooklyn International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school now is helping to raise funding and consciousness.
I even brought my friends to my community and installed lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach them how to put them.
So a year ago, it was just a child in the parts of the savanna paying the cows of my father, and I used to see airplanes flying and told me that one day I would be inside one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come in airplane for the first time to TED.
My great dream is to become engineering of aviation and pilot when it grows.
I used to hate lions, but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and the lions, we can be with the lions without any conflict.
I associate the line. What in my tongue means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like you.
So I got a scholarship. Richard Turkey: Yes.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next one in your list?
RS: My next invention is -- I want to do an electric fence -- CA: An electric close?"
RS: I know that you were invented by the electric ones, but I want to do the mine.
CA: You know, you try once, right? Right you -- RT: I've tried it before, but stop because I got a call.  CA: At the fingertips. Richard Turkey, you're something big.
We're going to animate in every step that you are, my friend.
Thank you very much. RT: Thank you very much.
When I was a little boy, I thought my country was the best of the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called "No survey nothing."
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying the story of Kim Indus, but we never learned a lot of the rest of the world, except that America, South Korea, Japan is enemies.
Though sometimes I wondered about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend all my life in North Korea, until everything changed suddenly.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family was not poor and myself never happened.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home.
He said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop exist in this world, because we haven't eaten in the two weeks.
We're collected together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak, that we're prepared to die."
I was very altered.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
At a little time, when I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible that I can't delete from my memory.
A woman without life was dying on the street, holding a child in his arms watching the face of his mother unable to do anything.
Nobody helped them, because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families.
A huge famine outside North Korea.
At the end, more than a million North Koreans died during the hunger, and only few survivors survive eating grass, insects and tree cortex.
They also became more and more frequently the energy cortex, everything around me was completely to dark at night except by sea lights in China, just crossing the river from my home.
I always wondered why they had light and we don't.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to neighboring countries.
This is the American River, which serves of limit between North Korea.
As you can see, the river can be very anti-community in certain points, enabling North Koreans, survival.
But many die.
Sometimes, I see bodies floating on the river.
I can't reveal the details of the North Korea, but I can only say that during the years of the famine I was sent to China to live with distant relatives.
But I just thought I'd be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined it would take 14 years to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would be like a North refugee like refugee.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because the Northern refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants in China.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed, and it would be represented to a horrible fate back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare was done, when I was arrested by the Chinese police, and I was interrogated in the police station.
Somebody had accused me for being north -- then they tested my skills in the Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explode.
If it didn't seem natural, it could be incarcerated and dependent.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answered the questions.
At the end of the interrogation an office told another, "This was a fake report. She's not normal."
And they let me go. It was a miracle.
Some North Koreans in China look for asylum in foreign embarrassing.
But many can be arrested by the Chinese police and permission.
These women were very lucky.
Even though they had captured them, they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure.
These North Koreans were not so lucky.
Every year, countless North Koreans are captured in China and sports in North Korea, where they're tortured or locked or executed in public.
Although I was lucky to escape, many other North Koreans haven't been so lucky.
It's tragic that the North Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard just to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, all of his world can hold in a second.
That's why after 10 years of hiding my identity, I've decided to break up in South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
Analyzed in South Korea was a much greater challenge than I expected.
English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
I also understood that there was a great gap between North and South.
We are all corals, but inside, we've come to be very different because of 67 years of divide.
They even go through a crisis of identity.
Am I South or normal?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country that could call it property.
Although embracing life in South Korea, it wasn't easy, I made a plan. I started studying for the income exam to college.
Just when I started to adapt to my new life, I got a starling call.
The North Korea authorities integrated some money that sent to my family, and as a punishment -- my family was going to be displaced to the force to the force of a location in the outside.
They had to go immediately.
So I started planning how to help them escape.
The Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea.
So ironically, I took a flight to China and fell to the border with North Korea.
Since my family could not speak Chinese, I had to guide them in some ways, for more than three miles across China, and then through Southeast Asia.
The bus trip took a week and we were almost caught several times.
Once again, our bus was arrested and addressed by an official of the Chinese police.
He asked the identification of all of us, and started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese officer came up to my family, I probably stood up and told him that they were somebody who was compared.
I looked specifically but fortunately believed me.
We did all the way to the border of Laws.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in London.
But even after spending the border, my family was arrested and imprisoned to cross the border.
After paying multinations and shored, my family was released in a month.
But the time, my family was arrested and thrown over again in the Lart capital of lake.
This was one of the lowest dots in my life.
I did everything to liberate my family, and we were so close to my family, but my family was arrested in prison to short distance from the South Korea.
I went and came between the immigration office and the police station, desperately trying to release my family.
But it didn't have enough money to pay more bribes or multinations.
I lost hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man will ask, "What is the problem?"
I was so surprised that a stranger would care to ask.
With my poor English and with a dictionary, I explained the situation, and without doubt -- the man went to the ATM and gave me the rest of the money for my family and for other two Koreans, and put them out of prison.
I thank you with all my heart, and I asked him, "Why do I help me?"
"I'm not helping you."
"I'm helping the north people."
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The nice unknown self-destructive is a new hope for me and for the North North we needed it.
And I showed that the kindness of the unknown, and the support of the international community are really the rays of hope that the North American people need.
Over time, after our long trip, my family and I met in South Korea.
But achieving his freedom is only half the battle.
Many North Koreans are separated from their families, and when they come up to a new country, they start with little or none of money.
So, we can benefit from the international community with education, English language practices, workplaces, and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people inside North Korea, and the rest of the world.
Because many of us follow in contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that is helping to change North Korea from within.
I've been very lucky, I've got a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help you by giving North Koreans, an opportunity to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more North American growing around the world, including on the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in Central Seat.
This is Centre Sunarding: stores of blogs, fast food, barbers stress.
So the city planners were gathered and thought, we're going to change the name of the South Center to represent something else, so they changed the South Angeles as if this would fix what is actually wrong in the city.
This is the South Angeles.   Tenes, fast food, stolen land.
Like 25 million other Americans, live in a food desert, the Alexander Central South, home of food places to lead and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that food places to carry kills more people than food in the car.
People are dying of hard diseases in the South Central South.
For example, the rate of obesity in my neighborhood is five times greater than say, Bertyluin Hills, which is like 15 miles away.
I'm glad to see this happen.
And I wondered, how would you feel if they didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time you come out of house you see the harmful effects that the current food system has in your neighborhood?
I see chairs of wheels bought and sold as used cars.
I see dialogue centers pulsating like Streamous.
And I think this must stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
In addition to me to drive 45 minutes of go and come back to buy an apple that doesn't have pesticides.
What I did, was to plant a food forest in front of my house.
In a land of land we call a garden.
It's 45 feet 11,000 feet.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what I come in to you, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it."
This is how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Green Group, we put together and start to plant our food forest, fruit trees, you know, the nine full vegetables.
What we do, we are a kind of paid group that is paid by advanced breakthroughs of all the processes, from all the city and completely voluntary and all we do is free.
And the garden, I was beautiful.
Then someone complained to it.
The city came up to me and in summary, they gave me a cartoon saying that I had to withdraw my garden, the car became Jewish.
And I said, "Come on, really?
A judicial order for planting food in a piece of land that no one cares?  So I was like, "Well, do you take it."
Because this time wasn't going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Lost, and I talked to the clip and one of the members of Green Group, who put a petition in Charley, with 900 signatures, we were successful.
We had the victory in our hands.
My cabin even called to say they were going to go out and loved what we were doing.
I mean, we go, why not?
L.A. is the city of America with more barrels of barbers.
It has 68 miles of empty land.
That equals 20 Central Parkins.
That's enough space to plant 325 million tomato plants.
Why doesn't it look good like this?
Growing up a plant will give you a thousand thousand seed.
When a dollar dollar will give you 75 dollars of output.
It's my humility, when I tell people, grow your own food.
Growing your own food is like print your own money.
See, I have a legacy for Central South.
I grew up there. I grew up my children there.
I'm reluctant to being part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing for me for others, and I'm going to manipulate my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The risk is my graph, I grow my art.
As a graph artist, that explosing walls, I encourage soils, streams.
I use the garden, the land, like a piece of canvas, and the plants and the trees, are my excuse of that canvas.
You'd be surprised to see what the Earth can do, if you let it be your canvas.
You just can't imagine how astonishing a sunflower is a sunflower and how it affects people.
What happened?
I'm witnessing how my garden became a tool of education, of transformation of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the land.
We are the land.
You will be surprised to see how the kids affect the kids.
The rise is the most therapeutic and provocative act that you can do, especially in a city.
Also, you get fresh.
I remember an occasion, who came a mother and his daughter, was like the 10 one at the night and they were in my backyard, and they looked very strong.
I, well, man, I felt bad that you were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this like this.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt shame when I saw people who was so close to me with hungry, and this only reinforces the why I do this, people ask me, "Nice, don't you think people are going to steal your food?
I say, "For God no, I have no fear of being gone to the robot."
So that's on the street.
That's what it is about.
I want you to take it, but at turn, I want you to take your health sale."
There was another occasion that I put a garden in a refugee for self-descripting in downtown Los Angeles.
They were these guys who helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous. They shared me their stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plan with his mom and his grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so just for a moment.
So George Groups has come to plant maybe 20 gardens now.
We have had, like 50 people who come from, work and participate, all in voluntary plan.
If kids grow up, kids eat tail.
If you grow tomatoes -- you eat tomatoes --  But if none of this is taught you, if you don't teach them how food affects the mind and the body, they eat blind to what you put them in front.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing where they're stuck. I see color kids that are on this path designed for them, that it doesn't take them anywhere.
With the radio, I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who are commissioned from their communities to have sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe it's produced next George Washington Carrier.
But if we don't change the composition of the Earth, we never will.
Now this is one of my plans, this is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole bunch of gardens, where people can share food in the same square.
I want to take containers and turn them into healthy categories.
I don't misunderstand me.
I'm not talking about free, because free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability is that you have to hold it.
What I talk about is to put people to work, take the kids out of the street, who know the joy, the pride and the honor of growing their own food, opening markets from farmers.
What I want to do here, we have to make it sexy.
I want all of them to become environmental refusers, breakthrough, gaps reserved.
We have to change the script of what's a consumer.
If you're not a garden, you're not a consumer.
That the gaps take their room right?
That this is your choice gun.
In addition, if you want to meet with me, well, if you want to see me, you don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some missing -- to talk about doing some missing.
If you want to see me, you come to the garden with your room so that we can plant something.
peace. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Music sound)  (Checklember of the microbesthood."  You probably all agree with me where this is a very nice road.
It's made of stability, and asphalt is a good material for driving, but not always, especially not in days like today, where it takes a lot.
You can have a lot of water in the asphalt that I stickly.
And especially if you go in your bicycles, and these cars go by, that's not very nice.
Also, asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we would want a silent road.
The solution for that is to make porn asphalt.
The porous, poor, a material that we use now in most of the roads of the Netherlands, has porous, and the water can go through it, so all of the rainwater will flow towards the sides and have a road that is easy to drive, and you won't blow water again.
Noise will also disappear in these ports.
Because it's very hollow, all the noise disappears, so it's a very silent road.
It also has devices, of course, and the disadvantage of this road is that you can get rid of it.
What is it going to get? See that in this road, the stones of the surface are gone.
First one stone, then several more and more and more, and then -- well, I won't do that.  But you can give you your paradoxes, and you won't be happy with that.
And finally, this can also lead to more and more damage.
Sometimes you can create gaps with that.
Oh, it's ready.
Back, of course, that you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
And here you can actually see how the damage appears in this material.
It's a porous, as I said, so it only has a little amount of advantage between the stones.
Because of interpretation, to the light light, to the exploration, this advantage, this bees, the glue between the rides, will be encouraged, and if you get together, you will be microscopes and you will separate from the addicted.
So if you drive on the road, you will pull your addictions off, as we saw it here.
To solve this problem, we think about absolution materials.
If we can make this material self-organizing, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel wool, that to clean satellites, and we can cut the steel wool into very small pieces, and we can mix those little bits with the bat.
So we have asphalt with little chunks of steel lava in it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook -- an education machine.
Indexis can warmth, especially steel, is very good at that.
So what you have to do is heat the steel, melt the button, the coat flow through these microscopes and the stones will look back at the surface.
Today I used a microwave oven, because I can't bring the great encryption machine here on the stage.
Microsocco hormone is a similar system.
I put the sample, which I'm now going to take to see what happened.
This is the show that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tested a lot of samples there, and then the government actually saw our results, and they thought, "Well, that's very interesting. We have to try it."
So they gave us a piece of road, 400 meters from the 500 court, where we had to do a test cart to test this material.
So that's what we did there. You see where we were doing the test on road, and then, of course, this road will last several years without any damage. That's what we know about practice.
We took a lot of samples from this road, and we tested them in the lab.
We made the samples, we put a lot of charge on them, we put them together with our education machine, and we repair them and we would test them.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can say that we have done a material using fiber fibers, including these fibers, using the energy of education to actually increase the life of the surface of the road, you can actually increase the life surface of the surface -- you can actually save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity.
We still have the show here. It's pretty hot.
Actually, you have to figure out the first before I can show you how it acts to the representation.
But I'm going to do a try.
Let's see. Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11, I remember waking up one morning with the sound of the barrel in my house.
My father was listening to Baker News, in his little gray radio.
He had a big smile in his face that was unusual in those times, because the news usually depressed it.
"The Taliban said, "driven my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see that my father was very, very happy.
"Now you can go to a real school, he told me.
One morning I will never forget.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old, when the Taliban were stuck in Afghanistan, and they made illegal that girls went to school.
For the next five years, I looked at me as a child to escort my older sister that I couldn't be used to go out to a secret school.
It was the only way that the two could be educated.
Every day, we took a different route so that nobody could suspect where we were going.
We had to hide the books in the markets of the market so that it seemed to be shopping.
School was in a house, over 100 of us left in a little room.
It was nice in the winter, but extremely hot in summer.
We all knew that we shouted our lives -- the teacher, the students and our parents.
In fact, school was suddenly closed for a week, because the Taliban would specialize.
We always wondered what they knew about us.
Were they following us?
Did you know where we live?
We were stressed, but still, school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was appreciated and daughters a treasure.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total increasing of a remote province from Afghanistan, insisted when his daughter, my mother, went to school, and so his father did it.
But my mother educated was mastery.
This is her.
It will retire two years ago, just to turn our house in school for girls and women in our neighborhood.
And my father, this is, was the first of his family in receiving education.
There was no doubt that his children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban, despite risks.
For him, there was a greater risk not to educate his children.
Over the years of the Taliban, I remember there were times that I was very frustrated by our life, and it was always scared and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to quit, but my father said, "M, my daughter, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money. They can force your house for a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, what's here, and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we will do.
So don't you want to continue?
I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of the women of my age have more than the blog, and if my family hadn't been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I found here proud of graduate in Arimbara College.
When I went back to Afghanistan, my grandfather who was exploded from his home for the courage of educating his daughters, it was one of the first to congratulate his daughters.
He doesn't only have a pace of my university degree, but also that I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman, which I carry it on the streets of Kabul.
My family believes in me.
I dream big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global embarrassing of 111,000 -- a global campaign to educate women.
That's why I cofounded Sunoa, the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country where it's still risky for girls going to school.
The exciting thing is that I see students in my school with the strong desire to leverage opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families who, like mine, advocate for them, despite and even in front of a destinating opposition.
Like Ah. It's not his real name, and I can't show you his face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month, he and his daughter went from the way from Sunoa to his village, and literally they escaped from being killed by a bomb on the road, for minutes.
When you get home, they are the phone, a voice told him that if he kept sending his daughter to school, you would try it again.
"Moment," if you like, he said, "But I won't give you the future of my daughter for your old and delayed ideas."
What I've given you about Afghanistan, and it's something that's often really forgotten in the West, is that behind most of those who succeed, there is a father who recognized the value of his daughter and see that the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key to our success.
In fact, it's often the first compelling interfaces of the bright future of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban, girls who went to school, they count in hundreds -- remember, it was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find that Americans see the fragility of change.
I fear these changes don't sleep much, after the return of the U.S. troops.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I see students in my school and their parents who love for them, that they encourage them, I see a business future and a lasting change.
To me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and possible possibilities, and every day the Sunday girls remind me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
I never forgot the words of my grandmother's who died in the strange: "Dynamic, resist Gaphytera. Fight versus him.
But you never become a Gapyach revolution.
They've spent almost two years since the Libya revolution inspired by the elevated mobility of mass movements both of the Tunisian revolution as the Egyptian revolution.
A force with many other civil citizens inside and outside of the country to call a day of fresh and start a revolution against the triangle regime of Gaphytera.
And we did that, it was a big revolution.
Women, young men and young men were in the volume, demanding the decline of the regime, by carrying free freedoms, dignity and social justice.
They have shown a value to encourage the brutal dictatorship of Gaphytera.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity, from the extreme East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a six months of brutal war and a little bit of 50 thousand dead, we managed to release our country and go to the travel.
However, Gaddafi left a heavy burden -- a legacy of travel, corruption and seeds of alternative.
For four decades, Gapya terrorist regime destroyed infrastructure, culture and moral structure of clean society.
Considerably from the devastation and of the challenges, I have love, together to many other women, rebuild clean civil society, demand an inclusive transition and right towards democracy and national reconciliation.
They were established about 200 organizations in Benual and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi, about 300 in Pelia.
After a 30 year-old period, I went back to Libya and with a unique enthusiasm -- I started organizing workshops about development development and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women we founded the platform of women Libado by peace, a movement of women, leaders, very diverse orientation to advocate for the socioeconomic autonomy of women and for our right of equal participation in the building of democracy and peace.
I found a very difficult environment in the prefrontal period, an environment that was increasingly pollen, which is moved from the selfish policies of dollars and exclusion.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won 10 percent of the National Congress in the first election in 52 years.
However, a little bit, the fuel of choices and revolution as a whole, were disappearing, every day we found news news.
One day we wake up with the news of the progression of ancient mosques and the Sufi members.
Another day the news of the murder of the American Ambassador and the attack to the conflict.
Another day we wake up with the news of the official officer association of the army.
And every day, each day we wake up with the government of the military and its convictions of human rights from prisoners and their lack of respect from law.
Our society, formed by a revolutionary mindset, is pollen more, and has been removed from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at first.
intolerance, exclusion and revenge.
I'm not here today to inspire you with our history of the success of the cross-section of crossing creature and elections.
I'm rather here today to confess that we, as a nation we choose bad, we make the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace, stability and security to Libya.
The spinal list and the alternative between candidates and candidates brought peace and national reconciliation?
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why do our society follow pollution and dominated with selfish policies of dollars and exclusion, both men like for women?
Maybe what I was missing wasn't just women, but women's values of compassion, mercy.
Our society needs the national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than what the choices needed -- that only reinforce polarization and divide.
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the female that needs the numerical and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting as an engineer agent and call an anger.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy.
We have to develop a female discourse that not only honest, but also put the mission in practice instead of revenge, collaboration instead of competence, inclusion instead of explaining.
These are the ideals that a Libya, destroyed by war, desperately needs to get peace.
Because peace has an alliance that deals with the interconnection and the alternative between female perspectives and the males.
That's the real creature.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it in a psychological form.
According to a Court version of the Koran "Salary: Peace -- "It's the word of the missing God, and it's compassionate."
At the same time, the word "barrel: who is known in all the Australian traditions -- has the same root in Arabic than the word "Roman -- by establishing the female and material, that it fits all the humanity that men and women, which all the tribes and all the towns have been killed.
And so, just like the term covers completely the embryo that grows inside the divine matrix of the number of the number of the number of existence.
So it says, "My missing markets all the things.
This is how it says, "My missing measure on my gone."
That everybody is focused on the grace of mercy.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about a perfect question, which has an equally incontendered response.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence -- and the question I'm going to address is the one that everybody is doing always -- why is she left?
Why would anyone stay with a man who patterns it?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no experience in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell you.
I was 22 years old. I just released at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and publisher in the Mexican magazine.
I had my first apartment -- my first green structure American Expresses, and I had a very large secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, who created my glamour soul, was pointing to his head with a shop, fraught with stop bullets.
The man, who loved more than anyone in this world, put a pistol in my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of "lock love," a psychological trap, professional lamp, where they fall every year millions of women, and even some men.
I could even be your story.
I don't look like a typical survivor of domestic violence.
I'm a literacy in English University of Harvard University, and I have an MBA in March of the Warren Business School.
I've spent most of my career working for the Fortune 500 list companies between them Johnson & Johnson, Leo Boring and the Washington Post.
I took almost 20 years married with my second husband, and we have three children.
My dog is a black wooden and driving a coin Monica Oxford.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all races, all the races, all levels of wind and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a problem of women.
Not exactly.
Over 85 percent of the drugs are men, and the domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships, interdependent and long duration or saying otherwise, in the families, the last place where we want or expect to find violence -- reason for which, domestic abuse is so puzzling.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that was going to stay with a man who pasting him, and I actually was a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States, the women in between 16 and 24 years old, have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the other ages, and over 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year by couples and children and massive husbands in the United States.
I also was a typical victim, because I didn't know anything about domestic violence, his warning signals or their patterns.
I met Congo in a cold and slight night of January.
I was sitting on my side at the subway of New York and started to float with me.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he was also going to recruit from a university of the Eight Lead University and I worked in a very important bank from Wall Street.
But what struck me most in that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and that seemed a kid of the field.
He had a big molecule like apples, and a broken hair wheat, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things that Congo did, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner.
He did it especially at the beginning by putting it in a pedestal page.
We started coming out and loved all of me -- who was ready, that he had gone to Harvard who had passion to help girls teenagers, and my work.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and the illusions.
I believed in me, as a writer, as a woman, as no one had done it.
And it was why the literature in that prestigious school and the work in Wall Street and his bright future had so much important for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is to be seduced and doing the victim, recording.
And I didn't know that the second step is to isolate it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was come from New York and leave my dreams, but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner -- so I agreed -- I quit my work and Congo and I went together from Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was falling on a little love little love," which was entering a head in a physical trap, financial and psychological psychological specialized.
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it reacts it.
And here is where those penguins come in.
We just moved to New England you know that the site where it is supposed to be so safe that it bought three skins.
One was in the car garage.
Another the guardian underneath the pillow in our bed, and the third always in its pocket.
And he said that I needed those guns to cause the trauma that lived from a little bit.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those steps actually were a message for me, and although I had never lifted my hand, my life was in serious danger, every minute of every day.
The first physical attack in Congo happened five days before our wedding.
They were seven in the morning and still had the shirt.
Five days later, when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother's boyfriend, and I married him.
Despite what had happened, I was sure that we lived happily forever, because I loved him, and he also wanted a lot.
And it was very, very surprising.
It just felt very advanced by the wedding and the fact of forming a family with me.
I had been an isolated accident, and I would never make it harm.
I spent twice more times on our moon.
The first time I was driving into a secret beach and I lost, and he gave me so strong in the head that I ran a number of times against the vegetable control.
And then, a couple of days later, driving back from our moon of honey and got drunk through the traffic and I'll take a Big Mac cold to the face.
Control kept giving me a week or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One of three American women is victims of domestic violence or bullying. At some point in their life, and the Disease Center of Disease reported that every year 15 million children are divided -- 15 million.
So actually, I had very good company.
Go back to my question: Why did I leave me?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was abusing me.
At the contrary, I was a very strong woman in love with a profoundly transparent man, and it was the only person in the world that could help Congo to face his density.
The other question that everybody is doing is, why don't you just get falls?
Why didn't I go? I could have gone at any time.
For me, this is the saddest and painful question that people do, because we victims, we know something that normally you infect, is incredibly dangerous to abandon a male matrix.
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is to kill it.
Over 70 percent of the murders in cases of domestic violence occur after the victim has finally put the relationship after recording, because then the abusive has nothing to lose.
Other rewards include permanent action, even after the abuse has come back to move, financial resources and financial resources manufacturing from the judicial system of family to land into the victim and their children, who normally are forced by judges to spend time not superimposed with the man who was paying their mother.
And yet we still ask asking why is it simply not there?
I was able to go, because of one last school speech that I came up with my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, would have killed me if he had allowed it.
So I broke the silence.
I told everybody, the police, to the police, my neighbors, my friends and family, to my friends and family, and I'm here today because all of you helped me.
We have the tendency to stress victims like spinning headlines, self-destructive women, damaged goods.
The question, "Why is it left?
So for some people it's a way to say, "The fault is because of staying forward," as if victims we choose initially to find out of men who want to destroy them.
But since I published Lovema Love: I've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who were also really still really stuck, who learned a unexpected lesson of what happened to them and represented their lives and happy lives as employees, wives, and mothers, completely free violence of violence like mine.
Because it turns out that I actually am a victim, and a very typical domestic violence of violence.
I went back to marry a heroic and loving man and we have those three children.
I have that black wooden and also that minimix.
What I'm not going to do is I have never more, ever, is a stripped show pointing to my head in somebody who says I want to want.
At this point, they're just thinking, "Hall, that's fascinating: or "Hall," what stupid it was, but all this time I actually have been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people, where you're listening to me right now, who are being beaten or that they were small or that they're abused themselves.
The male could be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to put the end of my mad particular love breaking the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse shows only in silence.
They have the power of ending domestic violence simply shedding light on it.
victims, we need everybody.
We need every one of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
They take the ticket to the light talking about it with their children, their coworkers and friends and family.
They rethink their vision of survivors as fantastic and lovely people, who have a full future.
They recognize the early violence signs to build consciously, to slow up their scale and show the victims a safe output.
Together, we can turn our bed, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oasis that should be.
Thank you.
Hello. I call me Cameron Russia, and for a while, I'm a model.
To be precise, for 10 years ago.
And I feel that right now, there is an uncomfortable tension in the room because I shouldn't have dressed up like this.  Luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first change change on a TED stage, so you have a lot of luck to present it, I think.
If some of the women were horrified when I came up, they don't have to say it now, but I would find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think of me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These taggets are very uncomfortable, less bad that I don't have to use them.
The worst part is to spend this sweater by the head, because it's when you're going to laugh from me, so you don't do anything while you cover your head.
All right.
Why did I do this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope that not as much as this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but also surface.
I have completely changed what they thought of me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I never had a bride in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable, and the photographer told me that he would fix the back, and it would reach the hair of the child.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial tan that I made two days ago for work, there is very little that we can do to transform our aspect, which, although superficial and unchanging has a huge impact in our lives.
So today, for me, it means to be honest.
I'm on this stage, because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice, white woman, and in my workforce, that's being a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always make me, but a sincere way.
The first question is, how is it going to be model?
And I always say, a catastrophes discovered, but it doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I made model is because I won the genetic lottery, and I'm the benefit of a heroic, and maybe you're wondering what this here is.
Well, in the last few centuries, we haven't only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry -- which we are biologically programmed to admire, we also have associated it to a high and special figure, to the phenomenon and a white skin.
And that is my heritage that I have known to take money to make money.
And I know that there are people in the audience who are now showing skeptical, and maybe there are some lovers of the fashion that they say -- wait. There's Naman, Targe, Joasa Smits, Line Wends.
First of all, the happiness for knowing so much of models. It's surprising.
But unfortunately, I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at the University of New York told each and every single model in the runway, and from the 67 controlled models, just 27, is less than four percent, weren't white.
The next question that people always ask me is: Could it be model when it is great?
And my first answer is: I don't know about that.
But then, what I really would tell you every one of these girls is, why? Can you be what you want.
You can be president of the United States, or the inventor of the next Internet, or a ninja cartoonist surgeon, which would be impressive, because you would be the first one.
If after this spectacular list, they still insisted. No, no, Camera, I want to be a model, then I say, "I know my boss.
Because I'm not in charge of nothing, and you could be the head of rejection from the record of the American Van American or the CEO of Hemisphere, or the next Steven Mellon.
Saying that you want to be a model is like saying you want to earn the lottery when you get older.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a work you can choose to.
I'm going to show you all I learned in 10 years as a model -- because unlike the cardiac surgery, it can be summarized right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Sadly, once you have done your studies, and you have a resume and some work on your backs, no longer what you say, you want to be president of the United States, but your resume said, you want to be president of the United States, but your resume said, "Well, of course for 10 years, people look weird.
The next question that people are always doing is if all photos are reproduced.
And yes, they basically represent all the photos, but that's just a little part of what happens.
This was the first picture that took me, and also the first time I used a biochemical, and I didn't even have my period yet.
I know we're entering the personal terrain, but it was a child.
That's how I love my grandmother a few months earlier.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I'm in a pajama party a few days before the photos for the French Vol.
I'm here with my football team, and in the magazine V.
And this is me today.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those pictures.
They're creating a group of professionals, religions, males, photographers and styles, and all of their aid and present people and proposition, and they can create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always ask me is: Do you get free things?
I have too many talks of 20 inches and I never use, except for the previous pair, but the privileges that I get is the ones that I get in real life, and that we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and I once went to a shop and I forgot to make money, and they gave me the free dress of free.
When I was a teenager, I traveled with my friend who was a driver parade, and he jumped up a remote on red, and of course, they stood up, and I got a sense of it, agent to be able to keep driving it.
I enjoy these privileges for me, not for what I am. And there are people who are paying a price for their way no matter who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, from the 140,000 teenagers who were given and recorded, 86 percent were black and Latino and most of them were young men.
And there are only 177 young black men in New York, so for them, isn't it a question of going to stop me?"
But how many times are you going to stop me?"
When I was researching for this talk, I learned that 50 percent of the U.S. girls in the United States don't like their body, and that figure rises to 78 percent to the 17.
So the last question that people ask me is: How is the life of a model?
And I think the answer you hope is, if you're a little bit more skinny, and you have the most brilliant hair, you feel very happy and so forth.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe looks like this.
We say, "It's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible power to work with creative people, resourceful, passionate people.
And that's all true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras, what I have never said in front of them, is, I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about my aspect every day.
And if you ever ask yourself, with some more thin legs and the most brilliant hair, will be happier.
They only have to meet with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs that have the most brilliant hair and the most brilliant hair, but probably the most insecure women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to analyze a situation of racial and gender oppression when I'm one of the greatest benefits.
If there is something to retain from this talk, I hope that they all feel more comfortable when you recognize the power of the image in the perception that we have about success and failure.
Thank you.
Photography has been my passion since I was the biggest enough to hold a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 more cherished photos, and I didn't go to my puzzle.
There were no artistic directors, no statistics, no opportunity to repeat the photos, not even a minimum care in lighting.
In fact, most of them took the random tourists.
My story begins when, finding in New York City to give a pollen, my wife took me this picture holding my daughter in the day of his first birthday -- that's the corner of 57 and five.
He gave the chance that we went back to New York just a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When the third birthday of my daughter, my wife told me, "Why don't you take Adam to New York on a shooting trip and you get the ritual?
This is when we started asking the tourists that were going to get us the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete unknown is so universal.
No one has been denied and fortunately, never anyone has fled with the camera.
So we were not aware of how much life would change us this journey.
It became sacred to us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what happened that day that a five-year-old girl could understand it.
These pictures are much more than a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop the time in a week of October, and we can reflect on our time and our evolution over the years, and not only at the physical level, but in all the senses.
Because, although we always take the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter gets new stories, and I can see life through your eyes and how perceived and interact with everything.
That time in concrete that we spend together is something that we hope with illusion every year.
Recently, in one of the trips, we were walking on, when suddenly it stopped in dry and pointed out a red hologram of the wood store that I was looking at small in the previous visit.
And I described what had felt at the age of five years in that same place.
He said he was remembering his heart beating with force by seeing that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what I look at in New York are universities, because it's decided to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we created are memories.
So I want to share the idea of engaging active in conscious creation of memories.
I don't know you, but apart from these 15 photos, it doesn't happen in many of the familiar pictures.
I'm always the one who puts the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to appear in the picture, and you don't have to go close to somebody and ask them, "Do you get a picture?
Thank you.
I want to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
Butterses find in the most threatened birds.
First of all, why are they so bad press?
It's also associated with Disney Reserves as a mental characters, silly characters, stupid.
More recently, if you've been following the present tension of laughter and applause and alamance these are the attributes that associate with the Kenyan Parliament. But I don't accept it.
I don't accept. You know why?
Because the Mexico members don't keep the environment, the paralysis don't help prevent the spread of disease.
Difficult are moved.   You're far away from extinct.  And my favorite -- the burst has better presence.   There are two kinds of bus on this planet.
There are the New World Buddhists who are mostly found in the Americas, like the rabbits and the carbon and the Old World bursts, where we have 16 species -- of these 16, 11 face a high risk of extinction.
So why are the burst important? First of all, provide vital services -- vital services.
It's our natural garbage rewards.
They clean the goats to the bone.
They help kill all the bacteria -- they help absorb the anthrax that they wouldn't be extended and causing large losses of livestock and disease in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no boats, the carcasses take three to four times more time in depressing, and this has huge ramifications in the spread of disease.
But burst also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated to the ancient Egyptian culture.
New was the symbol of the protection and the maternity and, along with the goat, they signed the unit between the high and the Egyptian under Egypt.
In the Hindu mythology, David was the bomb guy, and he risked his life to save the god Step of 10 head Randel.
In the Tibetan culture, they have a very important war buried in the open sky in places like Tibet, there's no place to bury the dead, or wood to burn them, so these burns provide a natural elimination system.
What's the problem with bursts?
We have eight species of burning in Kenya, which six are at extreme threatened extinction.
The reason is that they're being poisoned and the reason they're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and fauna, the physical communities use this poison against predators, and as a result, the divers are victims of this.
In South Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of burst are in the critical list of danger of extinction -- which means that in less than 10 or 15 years away, and the reason is because they have pressure of livestock consumption that has been treated with an analogous drug like Disploted.
This drug has been forbidden for vertical use in India, and they've taken a stance.
Since there are no burst, there has been a spread in the number of street dogs in services of bread, and when you have street dogs, you have a huge time pump for grandmother. The number of radio cases has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind parks in Africa: 35 the organisms are going to be above the Turkey lake.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to birds -- they cut them through half by half.
They're bird strategies.
In Western Africa, there's a horrible trade of dead bus to serve the group and the football market.
So what are you doing? Well, we're doing research to these birds. We're putting them on the transmission.
We're trying to determine its basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel through different countries, so focus on a problem that is completely not going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments in regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciation to the burst, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that they provide.
How can you help?" You can go back assets, make noise, can write a letter to your government and tell you, we have to focus on these very understood creatures. Take his time to spread the word. Displace the word.
When they come out of this room, they will inform them on the burst, but they talk to their families, with their children, with their neighbors on the burst.
They are very elegant -- Charles Darwin said he changed operating because he saw it with no effort, no spending energy in the heavens.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do and everything I do professionally. My life has been forged for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
From 1971 to 1977, I look at young people, but I'm not.  I worked in Zambia, Kenya, Coal Marine, Algeria, Architecture and Somalia, in technical cooperation projects with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO and every project we set up in Africa.
And I was perpetuated.
I thought, at the age of 21, that Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead of that, all we played we were asleeping it.
Our first project, which inspired my first book, "Wear-on-one "Netranstance -- was a project where Indian we decided to teach people from Zambia to grow food.
So we came up with Italian seeds south of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that descends to the McGuanty, and we teach the local locals growing Italian tomatoes and warmers and ...
Of course, people weren't at absolutely interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they didn't achieve.  We were astonished that the local locations, so fertile valley, hadn't had agriculture.
However, instead of asking you how it was possible that you could not grow anything, we just said, "Thank God that we are here."  Just time to save people from Marifird Changing."
And of course, everything in Africa is really growing.
So we got these magnificent tomatoes in Italy, a shot to grow this size -- in Zambia, to this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were saying to the campus, "Look how easy the architecture is.
When the tomatoes were nice, mortality and red, at night at the morning, about 200 hypothesis appeared from the river and ate everything.  And we said to the campus: "Oh my God, the hypothesis of me."
And the samples said, "Yes, that's why we don't have agriculture here."  "Why didn't they say that?"
I thought that only we Italians were eating errors in Africa, but then, I saw what the Americans did, what the English did, what the French did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt quite proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the hypothesis.
You have to see the waste --  -- you should see the waste that we provided to the people in Africa.
He wants to read a book, read "Help Dead Dead, Mandela Moore of Madaga.
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western donors -- we have delivered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the damage that the money has built.
Just read their book.
I link it from a part of an African woman, the damage we've done.
The Westerners are impact, colonyboard minerals, and we treat people only two ways or sponsoring them, or we are patroned.
The two words come from the Latin radio patent," which means parent."
Yet, they mean two different things.
Patrifice, I treat any of a different culture like my sons, "I want a lot."
Patriman, I treat all of a different culture like my services.
So the whites in Africa are called Boriani: the boss of Africa.
That book gave me a bandary on the face. "The little thing is beautiful, written by Chamber, who said about all economic development -- if people don't want to be helped, they just want to be helping.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is respect.
This morning, the gentleman that opened this conference put a cane on the ground and said, can you imagine a city that isn't necessary?"
I decided at the age of 27 years just responding to people, and I invented a system called Facible company where you never initiate anything, you will never motivate anyone, but it becomes a sensibility of local passion, the sense of local people who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what does you do? It's shut down.
You never get to a community with an idea, and it feels with the people of local people.
We don't work from offices.
We set up in a cafe. We get together in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give an idea to somebody.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what's going to do you?
The passion that she has for his own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that that man has for its own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then, we help us find knowledge because nobody in the world can be successful alone.
The person with the idea may not have knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why not us, for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not for once, we listen to them, but not in community meetings.
I'll tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
Entrepreneurs, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, which opportunity has identified.
So planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't support their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face to face, you have to create a social infrastructure.
You must create a new profession.
The profession is the family doctor of the company, the family doctor of the business family, which is being established with you in your home, at the table of your kitchen, in the cafe, and helping him find the resources to transform its passion in a way of winning life.
I started this as a test in Leonard, West Australia.
I was doing a Ph.D. in the time, trying to get away from this heart garbage that we get to tell us what to do.
In a year, I had 27 projects in the march, and the government came to me to see to ask, "How can you do that?
How can you do it? And I said, "I do something very, very, very difficult.
I stopped it and listen to it."  So the government says, "Tell me again."  We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped to start 40,000 businesses.
There is a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of loneliness.
Peter Drug, one of the most great business companies in history, failed at '96, a few years ago.
Peter Drug was a philosophy professor before I got involved in business, and this is what Peter Drug, "Pleasure is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative company economy?
Planning is the death of death of the corporate spirit.
So now you get Christian without knowing what the most canny people in Christian want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to come up with you.
You have to offer them confidence, privacy, you have to be fantastic when you help them, and then you're going to get in mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 customers.
Can you imagine a 400 thousand people, intelligence and passion and passion.
Which presentation is you put more this morning?
Amazing people. That's what you have applied.
So, what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We are at the end of the first Industrial Revolution -- not renewable fossil fuels, manufacturers, and one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The bridge as a way of holding machines is not sustainable.
What we need to consider, is how we neuron, cure, educating -- we communicate to seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invent technology for the green revolution -- the universities -- Forget it.
government? Forget it.
They will be the entrepreneurs, and they're doing it now.
There's an amazing story that has a future magazine many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to debate the future of New York City in the year 1968.
And in the year 1960, this group of people, and they were speculating about what happened to New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was finally, New York City wasn't going to exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they analyzed the curve, and they pointed out, if the population keeps growing up to this rate, to move to the population of New York to the around, would require six million horses, and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to enter.
They were already getting set on a strategy.  So in 1968, they were splitting this dirty technology that will have a life in New York City.
So what happens? In the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States appeared in the United States, a 1013 car computer company, 1011.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there was very few, school, factory in places that were stuck.
Dead, Michigan. Henry Ford Forger.
However, there's a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First, you have to offer them configuration.
Otherwise, you won't come to conversation with you.
Then, you have to offer them an absolute absolute, defined, enthusiastic service.
And unfortunately, you will have to tell you the truth with respect to expressing.
The smaller company, the biggest company, has to be able to do three things magnificent? The product you want to sell has to be fantastic, you have to count with a fantastic community, and you have to count with a great financial administration.
You know what?
We've never met a single human being in the world that can make, sell and look for the money.
There is no exist.
This is still not born.
We have research and observed to the 100 companies of the Carnegie world, Washington, Edison Ford, all the new companies, Google, Chris.
There is only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, just one: none of them was initiated by one person.
Almost the word "I said, but the word "we" -- 32 times.
He wasn't just when he began.
Nobody begins a company alone. None.
And so we can create the community where we have favorites, who come from an environment of little businesses sitting in cafeterias, in bars together to their speed shot who are going to do for you, which somebody did for this gentleman who speaks about this expose, somebody who will ask you, what does it need?
What can you do? Can you do it?
Okay, can you sell it? Can you look for the money?"
"Oh no, I can't do that." I want you to look for anybody?
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Those who surrounded us can help us help us in improving our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't exchange a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
Over the last few years I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like authoritarians, plants and chalk.
These projects came from questions like, how much pay my neighbors for their appliances?
How can we present and ask paying more things without calling the door in a bad moment?
How do you share more memories from our abandoned buildings and understanding our landscape?
How do we share our hopes before the empty stores for our communities can reflect our needs and dreams."
I live in New Orleans and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with the giant oak robots who give shadows and shortcuts and supplies from centuries and trust in a city.
It always gives the music.  There's a disappoint in New Orleans.  The city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one of the most properties of American open properties.
I live near this house and thought about how it could turn it into a more enjoyable space for the neighborhood and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost someone who loved a lot.
It was Joseph, like a mother for me.
Their death was sudden and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this was a profound gratitude for the time living and the time.
It gave clarity to the meaningful things of my life today.
But I pretend to keep this look at my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to be able to catch on the day and forget the really important thing for you.
So with the help of old friends and new friends transformed the wall of this abandoned house on a giant slate and painted on her phrases to completely completely, "Before I die?
So the trains could take a chalk, reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect from this experiment but the next day the wall was reproduced and still covering.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
"Before I died, I want to be a piece of piece for piece of piece of piece --  "Before I died, I want to sit on the line of change on the failure of factor."
"Before I died, I want to sing millions of people.
"Before I died, I want to plant a tree.
"Before I died, I want to live outside the network."
"Before I died, I want to hug it once again."
"Before I died, I want to go to somebody's resistance."
"Before I died, I want to be completely myself."
This abandoned space became constructive to the dreams and dreams and hope of people made me laugh at crazy, and they showed me, and they gave me a lot of hard moments.
It's about knowing that you're not just -- it's about understanding our neighbors in new and electrodes -- it's about giving the reflection and contemplating, and remembering what is most important to us as we grow and change.
This happened last year and started getting hundreds of messages from passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues in the civic center, we made a kit and now have died in countries around the world, like Kalaca, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
We together show the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express ourselves and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of distraction, it's more important than ever, finding ways to preserve the perspective and remember that life is short and deliberated.
Death is something that we often avoid talking about, or even thinking, but I understand that we can prepare for death is one of those things that make us more power.
Think of the dramatic death our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters as individuals and as a community and more media to share hope, fear and stories, the people that surrounds us not only can help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a only request.
Please, you don't tell me I'm normal.
Now I would like to introduce you to my brothers now.
Rome is 22 years high, it's high and very hot.
It doesn't speak but transmits joy better than some of the best speakers.
Romo knows what love is.
I share it including what happens.
It's not impressive. It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
You don't care about religious differences and look at this -- never lied.
When I sing the songs of our childhood, trying to make words of the ones that I couldn't even remember me, I remember one thing: how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it must be the unknown.
Samue is 16 years old. It's high. It's very cool.
It has the most unlikely memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
I didn't remember if I stole my chocolate, but I remember the year when each of the songs of my iPod, conversations that we kept when I was four years old, to be pasted in my arm during the first episode of the Telescopes and the Listeny of Lake Gau.
Doesn't it feel amazing?
But most people don't agree.
And in fact, because their minds don't adjust to the concept of society, of society, are often ignored and understood.
But what drives my heart and strengthening my soul was that even if that was the case, although you wouldn't consider them inside the ordinary level, that could only mean one thing: that they were extraordinary, autistic and extraordinary ones.
Now, for those less familiar with the term autism, it's a complex brain disorder that affects social communication, learning and sometimes to physical skills.
In each individual, it manifests differently, from there that Romo is so different to Sam.
And around the world, every 20 minutes, a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the disorders of development that are faster increases in the world, there is no cause of any known cure.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without it.
I was only three years old, when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited about having a new being in my life.
When a few months passed, I realized that he was different.
I screamed a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies and in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me at all.
I went alive and gathered in his own world, with his own rules, and I found pleasure in smaller things, like putting cars in rows around the room, looking at the washing and eating anything that would be between the media.
As it grew up, it became more different, and the differences were made more evident.
But beyond the biologists, the frustration and the endless hyperactivity, there was something really unique -- a pure and innocent nature -- a child that saw the world without prejudice -- a human being that had never lied.
Extraordinary.
I can't deny there have been some tough moments in my family, moments where I would have wished that they were just like me.
But I look back to the things that have taught me about individuals, communication and love, and I realize that they're things that I wouldn't want to change by the normal.
The normal thing goes through the beauty that gives us differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that some is wrong.
It just means there's a different view of what is right.
If I could convey one thing to Remote and Sam and you, it would be that you don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autistic or not, the differences we have -- are one girl: each of us has a gift in their interior, and honestly, the pursuit of normal is the last sacrifice of the potential.
The opportunity for gravity, progress and change dies at the time where we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit what it must have been Alice in the Maria country.
Penn State asked me to me, a communications professor, who gave a communication class to students of engineering.
He was frightened.  Survey of truth, scared of these students with their great minds, their great books and their big and unknown words.
But when you develop those conversations -- I felt what Alice had to have felt when he fell through the horrify hole and saw the door of a new world.
I just felt when I had those conversations with students, surprised the ideas that they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a big communication.
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our biggest challenges, from energy to the environment and care of health, among others, and if we don't know about this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions.
But these big conversations can't happen if our scientists and engineers are not inviting us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please have simple.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that we can see that their science is sexy and that its engineering is attractive.
First question to answer them, and then what?
Tell us why science is relevant to us.
Don't tell us just that they study the true things, but they study the transfers, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat the operations.
And when you're describing their science, careful with jargon.
Shame is an obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say space and temperature," but why not say space and time that is much more accessible to us?
Make it accessible is not the same thing to do dumb things.
At the contrary, as Einstein, that everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate your science without compromising ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies -- they're ways of storing and engage with their content.
And when you present his work, forget from the ball signs?
They have wondered why are they called balls)  What do the bullet do? The bullets kill, and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it is too much supporting in the language area of our brain and opened us.
In contrast, this example of Venice Brown example is much more effective -- it shows that the special structure of the features is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower, really inspired the Exfers.
The trick here is to use a simple sentence, legal that the public can understand if you lose a little bit, and then provide graphs that apply to our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding what it is described.
I think these are just a few keys that can help others open the door and look at the country of the wonders that's science and engineering.
And so, scientists and engineers, when they have solved this equation, for all the media, talk with simple.  Thank you.
One of my favorite words of all the Dictator of Exopol English is somebody."
Just because it sounds very well.
And "solidarity means "statement policy."
Though there was a pediatric editor of the 19th century that defined it much better when he said, "A syndrome is the one who looks for a public charge without matter particular, platform or principle, and when you win, it gets it for the mere use of a retrose fertilize memory."
I have no idea what it means representative."
Something to do with the words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and all politicians know that they have to try to make the language.
It wasn't until that, for example, 177 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were said in the parliament camera.
And all of this was because of the value of a guy with the name of Brazil Creat, who confronted the Parkinsoner.
They put it in the London Tower and came in, but he had enough courage to face them, and at the end of it had such a popular support in London that I won.
And just a few years later, we had the first record use of the phrase "so ball as well as "metaphorical bangs."
Most of you think it's limited.
It's not. It's for a description of freedom of expression.
But to really show you how words and politics interact, I want you to go back to the U.S., right after independence.
So they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a reproduced country?
This is done in Congress for a long time.
They presented all kinds of suggestions that might have failed.
Some wanted to call it "The Western Washington," and others, "Your Alternative George Washington," and other "Deforestantent of the U.S. People's Worldwide?
Not very anti-community.
Some just wanted to call it Reep."
They thought it was quality.
And not even with it, they were monitoring, they had the idea that you could be elected King for a certain term.
And it might have server.
Everybody gets immensely married, because this debate is proposed for three weeks.
I read a poor sensor, and I always wrote, "It's still with this thing."
What caused the portrait and the way that the representative camera was against the Senate.
The Representation camera didn't want Washington to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be power.
They didn't want to call it King because he was giving him or her survey ideas.
So they wanted to give it the most modest title, more inexpensive and more straight than it came up with.
And that title was President."
President. They didn't invent the title -- there was already before, but it just meant somebody who presents a meeting."
It was like the president of a jury.
And it didn't have much more great than the term "called "the term "called or shooting."
There were environmental presidents of little colonial volunteers and government farmers, but it really was a inexpensive title.
And so the Senate is open.
They said, "It's ridiculous. We can't call it President."
"This guy has to sign treated and meet with foreign diagnosis."
"And who will be serious with such a ridiculous and insignificant title as President of America?
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't choose.
We can learn three interesting things about all of this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I've been able to figure out, the Senate has never really claimed the title of President.
President Barack Obama is lucky to keep there, hoping that the Senate between the action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary --  -- you can keep waiting for 22 years more.
But the third thing that we can learn, and this is the most important, and with this, I want to leave you -- the title of President in America does not sound as much model today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads to desirable, the biggest economy in the world and a fleet of non-lethal weapons are not put together and so on.
Reality and story have given the title of great.
So it won the Senate.
They got their response title.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the sensitive appearance -- well, it was a synchronized synapse.
But you know how many nations are you presenting?
And all because they want to sound like the guy who has 5,000 nuclear heads and so on.
So at the end of the Senate Senate and the Premise of Representations lost, because no one is going to feel humble when you tell them that they are now the President of the U.S.
And I think that's the great lesson we can learn, and I would like to leave you.
Politics are trying to choose and use the words to shape and control the reality, but in truth, the reality is much more the words than what these could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to meters under land in an illegal mine of Ghana.
The air is fraught of heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the rock of sweaty bodies in the darkness, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that talk about, but, especially that machine of male and stones with primitive tools.
Like others, I carry a little cheap of little light supply to the head with this stream rock and I can barely distinguish the branches of the branches that hold the walls of that hole from a meter that falls hundreds of meters on the ground.
My hand was resisted and suddenly I remember a mining that I met days before that I lost control and fell countless meters in that piece.
As I talk to you today, these men are deep in the depths of that hole risking their lives without paying and reward and often dying.
I went out of that hole and I went home, but they may never do it, because they are present of slavery.
In the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only exhibition at the province of the Vance Peace of Vancer.
Among all the amazing people I met there met a British intervention of Freeman the Slow," an NGO that is dedicated to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and really, I started learning about slavery because I knew it exists in the world, but not as a grade.
When we finished talking about talking, I felt very bad. Honestly, I was embarrassed to ignore this attraction of our days and thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
He made me a number of the stomach, and weeks later, flew to Los Angeles to meet the director of Freeman the Slow and offer my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I had been in many of these places.
Some, even I thought about them my second home.
But this time, self-defended the dirty strips.
A conservative calculation says there's more than 27 million people enslaved in the world.
It's twice the number of Africans displaced throughout the whole deal of transit slaves.
150 years ago, the cost of a agriculture slave was about three times the annual salary of a U.S. worker.
The equivalent of about 50,000 dollars.
However, today you can enslave the entire families for generations for degrees of 18 dollars.
Amazingly, slavery generates profits of more than 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many have been fooled with false education promises and better work to then find out that they're forced to work without pay, under threat of violence and they can't escape it.
Now slavery operates in the moment," the goods produced by slaves have value, but those who produce them are disappeared.
slavery exists in almost everybody and yet it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met brick hormones.
This strange and formidable spectacle was like entering the ancient Egypt or the Dangh of Dance.
Investments in a temperature of 54 C, men, women, children, in fact, found families wrapped in a heavy purpose of dust -- they stack mechanically bricks in their head, up to 18 at the time, and they take them from the order of the orders to trucks that are hundreds of meters.
Deforestation and carbon work in silence, doing this task over and over again for 16 or 17 hours a day.
There was no peace to eat, not to drink, and the severe stream was made to pee out quite integrated.
So penguins were the heat and the powder that my camera became too hot to the touch, and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes, I had to run the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning to bring it up, and sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the oven. I wanted to cry, but the approval that was on my side quickly grabbed me and said, "Listen, you don't. You don't do it."
And I explained very clearly that demonstrating emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me, but for them.
No direct aid could offer you.
I couldn't give you money, nothing.
I wasn't a citizen of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation that they were already gone.
I had to trust Freedman the Slow and work inside the system for his release, and he trusted you to get it.
In terms of me, I hope to get home to feel my heart destroyed.
In the Himalayas I found children taking rocks for miles by miles by mountain terrain to trucks that were waiting for the bottom.
Those big plans were more heavy than the children who were carrying them and children holding them to their heads with horse races made of shovels and ropes and wires.
It's hard to present something so overwhelmed.
How can we influence something so insidious but so consciously?
Some of you don't even know they're slaves -- and they work 16 or 17 hours a day without pay, because this has been the whole life.
They have nothing to compare to.
When these villages were wiped out their freedom, the slaves burned their home.
When I hear the word slavery we often think of sexual traffic and because of this global consciousness that it would be hard for me to work safely in this particular business.
In Katrina, I was commissioned by women who had been previously sexually slowed.
They led me through a few autonomous stairs that gave this dirty state, some of the fluorescent light.
It wasn't exactly a surgery.
It was rather a restaurant.
Research as you know in the office, they're local for forced prostitution.
They have small rooms, private rooms, where slaves -- women with their girls and children, some of just seven years -- are forced to amuse clients and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Every bridge is dark and dirty identified by a number painted in the wall, and divided by a biomecting and a curtain.
Workers often suffer sexual abuse by their customers.
From foot in the proposition, I remember making sense of an ardent acute fear, and in that instant, I could barely imagine what should be stuck in that hell.
I just had a resist," the stairs where I came in.
There were no hind doors.
There were no windows enough enough to cross it.
Those people don't have school, and because we played such a difficult subject, it's important to point out that slavery even the sexual traffic is happening around us.
There are hundreds of people enslaved in agriculture, in restaurants in the domestic service, and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 children are sold every year as sex slaves.
It happens everywhere, but we don't see it.
The textiles are another activity that we often relate to slave labor.
I visited Indian villages in which there were entire families enslaved in the shade of silk.
This is a family portrait.
The rainy hands of black are from the father, the tissues of blue and red, of their children.
They mix into these big barrels in these large barrels and dip the silk on the liquid to the elbow, but the score is toxic.
My intervention told me his stories.
"We haven't freedom, they said.
"We still hope, yet we can come out of this house someday and go to another place where our work really pays us.
It's estimated that there are more than 4,000 children enslaved in Lake Valley, the largest artificial lake of the world.
When we arrived, I went to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed like a fishermen family in a ship -- two older brothers, some younger children, makes sense of it?
Wrong. They were all slaves.
Kids are separated from their familiar families, destinating and forced to work extra dropping in these boats in the lake, despite not knowing swimming.
This child is eight years old.
When our boat came up to be staying down, it feared that his little basket was been been been been been.
He was paralyzed by the fear of falling to water.
The branches of the trauma trees in the lake of the Lake Valley often attract networks and children and free, and with fear, they cross the water to unleash the branches.
Many are showed up.
Since remember, it's always been forced to work on the lake.
For fear of his love is not going to flee and like all life has been treated with cruelty, it goes to the younger slaves under its command.
I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning, when they raised the latest networks, but they had been working from the one one.
And the short night and self-described.
And it turns out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're reported of fish.
I want to introduce you to Koki.
Kofi was rescued in a field of fishermen.
I met it in a shelter that Freem the Slow relief to victims of slavery.
Kofi symbolizes the possible.
Who is going to be because someone decided to make the difference in their life?
By driving for a road in Ghana with French partners of Freeman the Slow, a companion with its suddenly accelerated and overfishing our car and played the window.
It asked us to follow it for a path of land to the jungle.
At the end of the way, we went out of the car, and he asked the driver to come out quickly.
Then he pointed out this path barely visible and he said, "This is the road, this is the road. Come on! Go!
As we started down, we take the investments that blocked the road, and after walking about a hour we found that the path was attached by the recent rain, so I put the photo of photographs on my head as we went down in these waters to the chest.
After two hours of walking, the wind simulate ended up absolutely in one of course, and we had in front of a mass of holes that could fit in a soccer field, and all of them were full of slave worker.
Many women had children tied to their backs, and while they were looking for gold, they were walking in poisoned waters with mercury water.
The mercury is used in the process of extraction.
These miners are enslaved in a post in another part of Ghana.
When they came out of the pump, they were pushed in their own sweat.
I remember looking at his eyes tired, interpretating, since many of them had been under land for 72 hours.
The pits are up to 90 feet and these people carry heavy bags of stone that then will be transported to another area where they would make the stone to make the gold.
At the first view, the site seems to be filled with strong and powerful men but if we look closer to the margin -- we see to work on other less lucky and also children.
They're all victims of injury, disease and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this music ended up like this victim of the tuberculosis and the marketing for mercury in a few years.
This is Manila. When he died his father his uncle took him to work with him in the mines.
By dying his uncle, Manila inherit the debt of the uncle that force it to be slave in the mines.
When I met it, I had worked in the minerals 14 years and the letter of the leg that you see here is a product of an accident in the mines, so serious that the doctors say it should be adapted.
In addition to that, Manila has tuberculosis, and it doesn't look at that, it's forced to work night and day in that mine.
Yet, he dreams with being released and educated with local activists like Freedman the September And it's this kind of determination of faces to a remote possibility -- which inspires me a lot of respect.
I want to throw light on the slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen for you around the world.
I wanted you to know that we will have testimony of them and do everything possible to help change their lives.
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery line.
These images are not recording. They're people, real people, like you and I, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in your lives.
There is no day that happens that I don't think of these so many beautiful people, male people, that I've had the great honor of knowledge.
I hope that these images hold up a force in those who see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force on a fire and that that fire throws light over slavery because, without that light, the basis of slavery can continue to live in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do math application, and there's a peculiar problem for who you do it, we're like management consumers.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So today I'm going to try to explain to you what I do.
Dance is one of the most human activities.
They delegate the virtues of the ballet and the click dancers -- that we will see later.
But the ballet demand a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of dexterity and probably certain initial competence that can well have a genetic component.
Sadly, neurological disorders like Parkinson's disease, gradually destroy this extraordinary ability, as it does with my friend Joan Strainea who, in his time, was a virtuous dancer diet.
Over the last few years, it's been a lot of progress in the treatment.
However, there are 3.6 million people in the world that are sick, and they have to deal with an incurable definition, total dependence, ridiculous and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it is too late.
We need to be able to measure progress an objective way, and ultimately, the only way that we know if we really have a cure to be when we have an objective and certainty metric.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson's and other disorders of the movement there are no biological markers -- so they don't serve the blood analysis and the best thing we have is a 30 minutes.
You have to go to a clinic to do it. It's very, very expensive, and that means that outside the clinical trials, they never do. It's never done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a difficult journey to the clinic, what if patients could do the test themselves?
You wouldn't need personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in neurological clinic.
So what I want to propose to you as not conventional way to try it, you see, in some sense at least we're all virtuous.
This is a video of the vibrational chords vibrations.
It shows someone healthy while it emits sound when it emits sound to speak, we can imagine as dancers of a vocal ballet because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sound, and we all have the necessary genes -- the Fox, for example.
And like the ballet requires a level of extraordinary training.
We think about time that leads to a child learning to speak.
From sound, we can trace the position of vocal chords as vibrate as vibrate as the Parkinson's impacts the limbs, also affecting the vocal organs.
In the bottom line, you can see an example of the irregular temperature of the vocal strings.
We see the same symptoms.
Voice, weakness and risk.
The speech becomes more quiet and appeared after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do these tests compare these based on the voice with specialized clinical trials -- well, both are not invisible.
The neurological test is not invisible. They both use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do it.
Both of them are precise. Well, but also based tests are not specialized in voice.
I mean, they can be astronomentaly.
They do very quickly, take about 30 seconds like a lot.
They're minimal cost, and we all know what happens.
When something takes such a low cost, it appears to massive scale.
These are some incredible goals ready to address it.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
I wouldn't have to go to the clinic for the routine choice.
With high-quality monitoring, we could get objective data.
We could make massive reconstruction from low cost for clinical trials, and for the first time, facial chroomers at a general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomass of disease before it is too late.
So by giving the first steps in that sense, we're launching the Vancer Victoria Institute.
Along with Allies and Patrifice, we want to register a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to address these goals.
We have local local lines for about 750 million people in the world.
Anyone -- or without Parkinson's or Parkinsoners, you can call under price and leave recordings for a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you.   Tom Rielly: So Mar, taking all these samples of, say 10,000 people, can you say who is healthy and who doesn't?
What do you pull out of these shows?
Max Litture: Yeah, yeah. What happens is that during the call you have to indicate if you have or not the disease there."
XL: You see, some people may not pass it. You may not end it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances and do it in different circumstances that are important because we're looking for the consumer factors in pursuit of the actual markers of disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy right now?
MS: Much more than that.
Actually, my student Taliban, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job, and now has shown that it works in the mobile phone network, also, what makes the project, now we have 99 percent accuracy.
TR: Next and nine. Well, it's an improvement.
XL: Absolutely.
TR: Thank you very much. Make Litture, public.
MS: Thank you, Tom.
Before March 2011, I was doing photographs in New York City.
We are produced creatures, gray.
We hide in the darkness, in fourth without windows and usually avoid sunlight.
We make the models more skinny, even more skinny, the perfect skin of the perfect skin we do the impossible, possible, and they criticize us in the press, all the time, but some of us are really artists with talent with many years of experience and a real taste for images and photography.
On March 11, 2011, I saw from my house, like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happened in Japan.
Little time later, an organization where it was a volunteer, there Hanks Venus, it was in the place working as part of the response team.
I, together with hundreds of other volunteers we knew we couldn't stay home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
The 13 of May traveled to Oxford.
It's a little town of fishermen located in the interpretation of Israel from almost 50,000 people, one of the first people affected by the wave.
The recorded water level came up over 24 feet tall, and over three miles inland inside.
As you can imagine, the village was devastating.
We went out of the canals and the sandwiches.
We cleaned up schools. We take the side and leave the houses ready to be renewable and religious.
We took tons and fingertips of death fish, appropriate, rotten from the local factory.
We got sick and loved us.
For weeks, both volunteers like neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and pictures of photos and cameras and sun cards.
Everybody did the same thing.
Bring them out and take them to different places of the villages around to keep them.
It wasn't until I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of personal losses that people had suffered.
While they had the wave, and to save their lives, they had to abandon absolutely everything they had.
At the end of my first week I started helping in a village center center.
He helped clean the communal bathrooms, the huge, giant goods.
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the power center is reconstructed by pictures.
And they took them up and I had the honor that that day would trust me to clean the pictures of hand.
This was exciting and inspiring -- I had heard the expression to think beyond the horses, but it wasn't until I went through my horizons that something happened.
When you look at photos, I found some of them who had more than a hundred years a few years old, I couldn't avoid to think about how to fix that rare and repair that radio, and I knew hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night entered Facebook contacted with some of them, and the next morning, the answer was so overwhelming and positive, that I knew we had to try.
So we started reverse the pictures.
This was the first of all.
It wasn't too early, but where the water had decreased the face of the girl had to be fixed with a lot of precision and dependent.
Otherwise, that girl would not have the aspect of her, and that would be as tragic as having the prototype picture.
With the step of time, they got more photos, and they needed more retrospectives this is that I went into Facebook and LinkedIn, and five days later, 80 people in 12 countries volunteered to help.
At the age of two weeks, I had 150 people to join me.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Republican, a neighboring village north of Amazon.
Once a week we used our scanner in the literary photographic libraries that had installed, where people were going to reclaim their pictures.
The time they were going to be able to bring them up is a different story, depending on assumptions of the defense of pictures.
I could do an hour. I could make a week.
It could make months.
This kid had to draw practically by hand using the areas whose color and detail the water hadn't destroyed.
I took a long time.
The water destroyed all these photographs plunged into saltwater, bacteria, bacteria, even with oil, all of that together with the step of time continued to destroy them, so cleaning them by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't replace the picture unless it was clean, dry and had been recorded by his owner of it.
We were lucky with the sensory by hand.
We count with the guidance of a adversity neighborhood.
It's very easy to give the pictures even more harmful.
As Windowners, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures was lucky in relation to pictures.
He had begun to wipe it up, but he stopped to realize that I would give them even more.
It also had doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face would not have been able to rebuild the images in one photo, and to remove the full picture.
When he picked up his pictures shared some of his history with us.
A few colleagues from their husband found the photographs in a fire station between the rubble far away from where it used to be their house, but their colleagues recognized it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the experimenter of closing the barriers into the wave.
He had to go inside the water, while the sands were sounded.
Their little children, not so small now, but his two children were in school, in different schools.
One of them was stuck in the water.
He took a week to find all his family and knowing that everybody had survived.
The day he gave her pictures his son was less than 14 years old.
To her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift that he could do, something that he could remember from the past that he could remember from the past that he would not have been marked by that market day when everything in his life changed or was destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined there Hans hundreds of them were helped to wipe over 35,000 photographs more than 35,000 photographs -- the big majority -- the vast majority came back to their owners.
Over 500 volunteers around the world helped us go back to 90 families hundreds of completely restricted and reproduced photos.
Over this time, we really don't spend more than 1,000 dollars in teams and materials, most of them in ink for printer.
We take pictures constantly constantly.
A picture is a memory of somebody or something, a relationship -- somebody wanted to.
They are guards of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take, but the first thing we would look back for.
This is what the project was about, to restore small pieces of humanity, to return to somebody their connection to the past.
When a picture like this goes back to somebody, it makes a huge difference in the life of the person who gets it.
This project also made a big difference in the life of the returns.
Some of them connected with something bigger to return something, using their talent for something that are not perfect skin models.
To conclude, I would like to read this email -- I sent it Cindy the day I came back from Japan after six months.
As I remember, I couldn't stop thinking about people and stories shown in the images.
One in particular, a picture with women of different ages from the grandmother to the small girl, gathered around a baby, touched me, because a similar picture of my family my grandmother, my mother, I and my daughter received, shoulder from our wall.
In the entire world, in all the few our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.
I made Edin Edina to inspire us and curious with this picture of a bullet that would travel an apple in an exhibition of just a million seconds.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not a million or a billion or a trillion frames per second.
I present a new kind of photograph, the physical phone, a new technique so fast that it can create videos in slow camera of light in motion.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after the killishment, beyond the line of vision, or see the interior of the body without using X-rays, and really challenges the idea of camera.
If I take a laser pointer and turn it up and turn it into a billion second or be a little bit of an earthquake to create a photo of photons just a millimeter wide.
And that picture of photons -- that balance, travel at the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common bullet.
If we take that bullet and this package of photons and we shoot in this bottle, how do those photons spread inside this bottle?
What is the aspect of light in slow motion.
Now, all this stuff.   Remember, all of this happens in less than a Nanopatch is what takes light to travel.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see light in motion.
Coca-Cola didn't assume this research.  You have a lot of things in this film, distill this information to show what's going on.
The pulse, our bullet comes into the bottle with a package of photons that starts to go through it and that, inside, starts to stop.
Part of the light goes off, it goes to the table, and we started to see these lights.
Many of the photons finally come to the lid, and then they explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble that bounces inside the inside.
At that time, waves travel through the table, and because of the reflections of the upper part you see in the bottom of the bottle, after several squares, that the reflection confires are concentrated.
Now, if we take a common and current bullet and we make it cut the same distance and we see it in a slow camera to about 10 billion times, how much do you think it would take us to sit on that movie?
One day? A week -- actually, every year.
It would be a very boring film -- of a slow whale in motion.
And how about dealing with dead nature?
You can see the waves that get out of the table, the tomato and the wall of the bottom.
It's like throwing a stone in a pond.
It's the way nature paint a photo, I thought, from a female at the same time, but of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at this thing, you realize that, as the light will stop from the touch, it keeps brilliant. It's not dark.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and light bounces in its interior, and it goes back after several trillion billions of seconds.
In the future, when this firefly is in its mobile phones, they're going to be able to go to the supermarket and check if the fruit is mature without having to touch it.
Why do we create this camera at MIT?
As photographers, you know, if we take a picture at low exposure, it enters very little light.
But let's go a billion times faster than the shortest exposure -- so I'll just get some light.
We sent that box, that package of photons, millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very authority synchronize, we took those gigabytes of data and we transplant them together to create those drugs that I showed you.
We can take all of those data in crude and process them interesting.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
What if a new power of a superpower future would allow you to see after the children?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door -- retrovil, enter the room, one is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light reactors.
It's not science fiction. We've already built it.
On the left, it's our family.
Behind the wall there is a dummy and we bounce light on the door.
After the publication of our article in Nature Communicational patient.
And a small fraction of the photons will come back to the camera, but curiously, in slightly different times.
And as we have a camera that works so fast, our family, it has unique capability.
It has very good temporary resolution and can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door and also the hidden object, but we don't know what the point corresponds to what distance.
When you project a laser, you can record a picture in a strategy, which, you see on the screen, it really doesn't make any sense.
But let's take a lot of images like that, dozens of images, will we put them together and try to analyze the multiple light bounces of light, and with that, can we see the hidden object?
Can we see it in 3D?
This is our reconstruction here.
We have things to explore before we pull this out of the laboratory, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collision with what is around the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at light reflected by open window.
Or we could build up business in order to see the interior of the body by dragging ourselves, and the same for chances.
But, of course, because of the tissue and the blood, this is pretty hard, so this is actually a listening to scientists so that they start thinking about physical physics as a new mode of visualization to solve the problems of importance in health of the next generation.
So as Dr. Edin, he himself was a scientist, turned science in art, an art of strategic photography.
I realized that all the gigabytes of data that we collect are not just scientific visualization, but we can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
Create a new form of computing photography with slow camera and color code.
And we look at those waves. Remember, time between each of those waves is just a few trillion billions.
But here also happens something fun.
If we look at the waves under the lid, these are moving away from us.
The waves should move to us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects. Einstein would have loved this image.
The order that the events occur in the world sometimes appears in the camera.
By applying the corresponding warping of space and time, we can correct this distortion of it.
It's time. Thank you.
Hello. This is my mobile phone.
A cell can change life, and you give you individual freedom.
A mobile cell can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a cell phone, you can take a message and initiate a protest in Egypt.
You can record a song, upload it to Fournel and make famous famous.
All of this is possible.
I'm a 1948 kid and live in the city of Berlin.
Let's go back to that time, to this city.
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people are protesting for a change.
This is the fall of 1989, imagine if all these people gathered in search for a change, had a cell phone in the pocket.
Who in the present have a mobile phone here?
Learn them.
Raise your mobile phones, throw them away."
Learn them. An Android, a Blackberry, wow!
It's a lot. Almost everybody today has a mobile phone.
But today I'm talking about me, my cellphone, and how life changed me.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35,000 lines of information.
Duck data.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the E.U. commission presented a directive principal.
The Detail Research Director.
This directive says that every European telephone company, every single vendor of the Internet, has to store a wide range of information of the users.
Who calls who. Who sends an email to who he sends up.
Who sends him a text to who.
And if we use the cellphone, where we are.
All of this information is stored at least six months, and to two years, in his phone company or his protein of the Internet.
And across Europe, people stood up and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this return of data.
We want the sub-Saharan in the digital age, and we don't want the telephone and the Internet providers store all this information about us.
There were lawyers, journalists, priests, everybody said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see about 10,000 people who went out to the streets of Berlin, and they said, "Wrong, not fear."
And some even said that this would be the Stage 2.0.
The Stepher was the secret police of Eastern Germany.
And I also wondered if this works really work.
Can you store all this information about us?
Any time I use the mobile?
So I asked my phone to me Delatin, Deluin Telescope, who at that time, was the largest telephone company in Germany, that please would send me all the information they had about me.
I asked them once, and I went back to ask them, and I didn't get a concrete response. It was all blah, white.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you are protecting my life.
So I decided to start a judicial demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Deluin Telecom said, no, we won't give you this information.
At the end, we signed up an agreement.
I would remove the demand and they send me the information that I asked.
Meanwhile, the Country Constant Army failed the influence for the German law of the E.U.
So I got this ugly on brown with a CD inside.
And in Code there was this.
Thirty and five thousand thirty lines of information.
At first, I saw them, and I said, well, it's a huge file. Okay.
But after a while, I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this file.
It was a little bit skeptical, what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I spend the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to come out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what the retention of data means.
So along with Keith Line and Open Data City, we did this.
This is a six months visualization of my life.
You can zoom up and pull up, go back and forward.
You can see every step that I do.
And you can see how I go from Franklin in train to Poland, and what often I call in the train.
This is all possible with this information.
That's a little scary.
But it's not just me.
But all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me, we talk a couple times.
Then they call me some friends and they call each other.
And then you call the other one, and the other one to the other, and we ended up with this great network of communications.
You can see how their people communicate each other to what time they call each other, which time they sleep.
You can see this all this.
You can see the centers, the group leaders.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who you talk to whom, who sends him an email to whom, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and to two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people in the streets of Berlin, in the fall of 1989, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
And the Stepher would have known who participated in this protest, and, if the Stepher had known who the leaders were, this would never happen.
The Berlin Wall, maybe never happened.
And in consciousness, neither of the Herbie Court.
Because today the state agencies and companies want to store so much information of us as possible inside and outside the web.
They want to have the chance to follow our lives and want to store them forever.
But the sub-Saharan and living in digital age is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight for survival.
You have to fight for that.
When you go home to tell their friends that privacy is a 21st-century value and it's not happening in fashion.
When you go home, let your representation that just because companies and state agencies can store certain information, they don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information would you store from you.
So in the future, every time you use their mobile mobile phones to remember that they have to fight for survival in the digital era.
Thank you.
Hello, TEDTalk, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello, TEDTalk, what happens?
I call me Masacie Fallas and I'm not drunk, but I know the doctor that brought me to the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, asked the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have brain paralysis, that's why it is all the time.
Look at it.
It's abando. I'm like a Shake market.
And Muhammad Al.
The P. C. It's not genetics.
It's not continent and can be contributed.
No one was making my mother's uterus, and I didn't hire it because my parents were cousins, but they are.
It just happens by accidents, like the one that happened to me to birth.
Now, I warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration, and I don't want any of the present shows.
It feels bad for me, because at some point in life, they've wanted to be disabled.
Let's go.
Now, the Christmas species, are you in the mall, drive in circles in search for parking stage, and what do you see?
16 vacant empty places.
And you think, "God, can I be at least a little disappointment?
Also, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and the P. C is just one of them.
From having a field of oppression -- I would make the gold medal model.
I'm a Palestinian paradigm, Muslim, woman, disabled and alive in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should do it.
I'm from Park California, in New Jersey.
I always loved that my neighborhood and my disease had the same principles.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, I could.
Many people with brain palsy, they don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the not of it."
The mantra of my father was, "You can get to do it, dance cancer."
If my three biggest sisters cleaned up, I cleaned up.
If my three older sisters went to public school, my parents were sued to the school system, and they made sure that I was also out, and if we didn't take all the maximum note we got the shoes of my mother.
My father taught me to walk at the age of five.
Another technique that I used was to hang a dollar in front of me to get it out.
The structure that I carry inside was very strong.
Yeah. The first day in the kindergarten garden was walking like a boxing champion that has received many pounds.
By growing, there were only six Arabs in my city, and they were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Arabs -- and they're still all of the family --  I think nobody realized that we weren't Italians.
This was before 9/11 and the politicians would think appropriate to use "Health to Muslims as a campaign law.
The people who grew up had no problems with my faith.
However, it seemed to worry a lot to die of starvation during the radio.
I told them that it had enough fat to live three months without eating, so help the dawn of the dawn of the approach is very easy.
Bangladesh in Broadway.
Yeah, in Broadway, it's nuts.  My parents couldn't afford physical therapy, so they sent me to dance school.
I learned to dance with stilts, or I can walk with tablets.
I'm in New Jersey, and there we want to be a kid, so if my friends used tablets, I too.
And when my friends were going to spend summer vacation on the coast of Jesus -- I didn't go.
I spent my summers in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we don't go back to Palestine every summer, we would become Mandela.
In the summer vacation, often my father was trying to keep me, so I drank the deer, I would put hot glasses on the back, I immersed in the Dead Sea, and I remember the water burned my eyes and I thought, "Wow, it works."
But the miracle cure was the yoga.
I have to say it's very boring, but before I do yoga it was a supply comedian that I couldn't afford to stand up ..."
And now I can hold on your head.
My parents reported this idea that I could do anything, that no sleep was impossible, and my dream was to be in the general hospital Telecommunication.
I went to university through positive discrimination and I got a scholarship for the United States University of the State of Arizona.
It was like the mascot moon of the theater department.
Everybody loved me.
I did all the tasks of the least smart, I took the maximum note in my classes and also in their classes.
Every time I was doing a scene of the crisis of my teachers were crying.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the USDA decided to make a work called Dana very slow in Jackson.
It's a piece of a girl with brain paralysis.
I was a girl with brain paralysis.
So I started screaming at four winds: "A end will have a role.
I have brain parasites."
At the end of freestyle, at the end of free."
Thank God totally, I am finally."
I didn't get the paper.  They gave Sherm Brook.
I went to incredible running to the director of the theater, crying historically, as if someone had killed my cat, to ask her why and she told me that because they believed that I couldn't do the risk scenes.
And I said, "Excuse me, if I can't do risk stunts -- I can't do the character."
He was a role that literally was born and gave it to an actor without cerebral paralysis.
The university was emitting my life.
Hollywood has a same story of adding actors without disability for disabled actors.
When I graduated home, I went home, and my first body tour was like a telephone strange.
My dream became real.
And I knew it would be saw from "compare to "the "memorial friend of local friend in a sandwich.
Instead, I stayed there like a vase -- I didn't see it more than the name, and it was obvious for me that the repair directors didn't hire a correlation and not wheelchair, not white, disability.
They only hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up watching White Goldberg Rose, Rosen Barry, Leonar, and all these women had one thing in common: they were communicated.
So I made me humor.
In my first tour, I took famous comic caves from New York to New Jersey, and I would never forget the face of the first cartoon that took when I was in the account that he was at high speed by the New Jersey freeway, with a driver that had cerebral paralysis.
I worked in clubs across the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, no censor and no veil.
Some people say I'm the first monopoly of the Arab world.
I never like to reclaim the first place, but I know that you never heard that little unpleasant rumor that says that women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my brother of another mother and father, Dean Ober, and I launched the Festival of the New York City Agency in his 10 now.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the Naving in media and to remind them to support directors that survival and Arabs are not simultaneously.
Intelionarly integrating Arabs was much easier than fighting the challenge of the strategy of the disappointment.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I went as invited to the cable news program back with Keith Orange.
I went into a graduation dance, dragged me to a study and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the director and I said, "Excuse me, can you give me another chair?"
She looked at me and said, "Five four, three, three, two.
And we were live.
So I was clinging to the present desk in order to go out of the screen during the secretary, and when I finished the interview, I was pale.
At the end of the end I had my opportunity and dragged. I knew they wouldn't get invited again.
But not only Mr. Okaye came back to inviting me, but it was like a full-time participant and pasted my chair.
Something fun that I learned in the right with Keith Orange was that people on the Internet are hidden.
It's said that children are crucial, but they never become a child or a little girl.
Suddenly, my Internet disability became a burning object.
I see online clips with comments like, "Why a time?
Is it delivering?"
And my favorite -- "Poor general terrorist.
What disease does it have?
We should really pray for it."
A comment suggested even that I would add my disability to my currency, guy, comedian, parallel.
Descend is as visual as race.
If someone in wheelchair can't make Beach, then Beijing can't make someone in the wheelchair.
The disabilities are the -- yeah, clap, man. Come on.
The disabled minority are the largest minority in the world, and the most inspired in the entertainment world.
The doctors say I wouldn't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, you've grown up with media media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in the media and in everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would make less hate on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need all society to teach our children.
My journey journey has led me to very spectacular places.
I got to walk through the red carpet by the drone of the Stony Lucist the Sun Lucist and the great Australian Lorder.
I got to act on a film with Adam Sanda and working with my day, the incredible Dave Matthew.
Reminder the world performing "The Arabs have become crazy."
I was a big state of the great state of New Jersey in the 2008 CD.
And I founded "The Children of Masacies," a charity organization to give children refugee a number of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me to act live, and I devote this talk to his memory.
(Audience in peace.
I call me Mars Zadanta, and if I can, you can too.
I'd like to tell you a story about a child of a small town.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
It lives in a little village south of Somalia.
This village is near Magnetic.
The droughts drive the little village to poverty and the edge of the inclusion.
No nothing to him there, it goes to the great city, in this case, Magnetica, the Somalia capital.
When it comes there, there are no opportunities, no work, no future perspective.
He ended up living in a tent in the city on the outskirts of Magnetic.
After maybe a year that was shrinkling, nothing.
One day you come up with a gentleman that offers him to lead it to lunch, after dinner, to get up.
It knows a dynamic group of people, who gives it a disappear.
It gets a little bit of money to be bought new clothes, money to send home.
They present to a young man.
I finally got home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life goal.
A beautiful day in Mogadishu, under a blue sky, bursts a car bomb.
That boy of the small village with dreams of the great care was the suicide terrorist, and that dynamic group of people were to Sahara, a terrorist organization connected to the Qaeda.
So how about the story of a little boy in a little village trying to fulfill their dreams in the city end with him immediately?
He was waiting.
He was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start his future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing he came in.
This was the first thing I did what we call the hope period."
And his story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
It is the story of the markets, who are unemployed urban breakthroughs in Johannesburg -- described riots in London, who look for something beyond the waiting perpetuation."
For young people, the promise of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity of opportunities, of workers, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffers from the highest resistance rates.
By 2030, three of five people who live in cities will be under 18 years.
If we don't include young people in growth of our cities, if we don't provide opportunities, the history of the expectation of the expectation: the door of access to terrorism, to violence, to the sandwiches, will be the history of cities 2.0.
And in my hometown, Magnetic, 70 percent of young people are unemployed.
Seventy percent doesn't work, not going to school.
They do nothing.
I went back to Madagascar last month, and I went to visit the Maddal Hospital -- the hospital where I was born.
I remember being before that hospital accepted to balls thinking, and if I would never have left?
What if I was forced to be in that same piece of hope?
Would it have become the terrorist?
I'm not really sure the answer.
The reason I was in Magnetic that month was actually to address a few juvenile leaders in an enterprise.
I assembled about 90 Somali juvenile leaders.
We sat down, and we had a rain of ideas about the solutions to the big challenges facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was Adam.
He went to the University of Macomet, he graduated.
There was no work, no opportunities.
I remember when he told me, that because it was a graduate university college -- unemployed, frustrated, it was the perfect white for al Shanghai and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited to be recruited to be.
They were looking for people like it.
But this story takes a different path.
In Magnetic, the biggest obstacle to get to the B is the streets.
Twenty-four years of civil war have completely destroyed the viral system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize it.
He saw an opportunity and approached it.
He started a motorcycle company.
He started harvesting motorcycle to local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 motors, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some point expanding hundreds of engines over the next three years.
Why is this story?
What does this different story do?
I think its ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the business spirit, and I think the business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the expectation period."
It empowers young people to be the creators of economic opportunities that are looking for so desperate.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Mohamed McDonald, a flower.
I was helping to train some of the young people in the summit of corporate initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of the corporate initiative.
In fact, it's the first flower that Magnetic has seen in more than 22 years ago, and until Mood arrived, if you wanted flowers to your wedding -- used to be so plastic sent from the overseas.
If you asked somebody, "When was the last time you saw free flowers see?
Those who grew up in civil war, the answer would be, Never.
So Mohamed saw an opportunity.
He started a business company and flowering design.
He created a farm on the outskirts of Macomet, and he began to grow tubes and liters, that he said, could survive the hard climate of Magnetica.
And he started the delivery of flowers for woods, creating gardens in the homes, and city companies, and now it's working on the creation of the first public park of Macomet in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Magnetic.
He wants to create a space where families -- young people, can go together, and, as he says, smell the proverbial pinks as it goes.
By the way, he doesn't grow rose because they use a lot of water.
So, the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, Mohamed presentation had a really profound impact in young people.
They never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for a NGO, working for the government, but their story, their innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
I forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
I encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs, that could be artificial about change.
By the end of the day, they had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They identified business solutions for local problems.
So inspiring young people and creating a business spirit culture is really a big step, but young people need capital to make their ideas true.
They need experience and orientation to guide them in the development and put it in March of their business.
They connect young people with the resources that need to preserve the support they need to move from conception.
To me, the business spirit is something more than starting a business.
It's creating a social impact.
Mohamed is not simply selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
Their Peace Park is how it calls it, when it's created, transforming the way people see their city.
And I was able to hire children from the street to help rent and maintain the motors for him.
He gave them the opportunity to escape from the parasite of the specific periphery."
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is, you turn young people in entrepreneurs, they increase and feed their inherent innovation, and they will have more stories about flowers and Paris from the Peace that bombed and waiting personalits."
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to camping with my dad in the Adal mountains, an Arab area north of New York State.
It was a beautiful day.
The feedback forest.
The sun made the leaves glow like a virtual, and not to be the way we raise, almost we can pretend that we were the first human beings to go through that land.
We get to our camp.
It was a crocodile in a prison with seen a beautiful prison lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the coverage there was a barrier, about four square meters with apple hearts.
And I was analyzed, I was very angry, incredibly confused.
The companies who were too lazy as to pull out what they had made, who thought I was going to clean their basis?
That question went with me, and it was shocked a little bit.
Who clean our basis?
No matter how you organize or where do you tell the "Well, who clean our trash in Starture?
Who clean our garbage in Rio or Paris or London in London.
So here in New York, the Clean Department Department, our garbage -- 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day.
I wanted to know you as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What does it feel like to use the uniform and take that car?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled in the trucks and walked through their trajectories and interviewed people in offices and facilities around the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an interviewer.
He needed to get more.
So I started working as a garbage collection.
Now I didn't just travel in the trucks. I drive.
And I operated the mechanical scales and the snow of the snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
Everybody asks about smell.
It's there, but it's not as prevalent as you believe, and in the days that it's very strong to be used quickly.
It costs a lot to be used to the weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years and their bodies still adapted to the weight of getting over their body tons of garbage every week.
It's also the danger.
According to the Bureau of Labor statistics, waste collection is one of the most dangerous qualities of the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and entering the traffic all day and pass around around you.
They just want to stop, so in general, the driver is not paying attention.
That's really bad for the worker.
And also the garbage itself is filled with dangers that often fall out of the truck and make terrible damage.
I also learned about the implant of the trash.
When you get out of the world, and you see a city from the back of the truck, you can understand that garbage is as a force of nature itself.
Never stop coming.
It's also like a form of breathing or circulation.
It must always be in motion.
And it's also the stigma.
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I think waste recovery is the most important workforce hand in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They're the first protection of public health.
If you don't get rid of the waste of efficient and effective forms every day, this starts to disappear from their peers and their dangerous dangers that are threatened in very real ways.
Disease that we had controlled for decades and centuries go back and start to give us.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old we have no space for what the engine engines start to fail when it is in danger consumption.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, just the reason it is its relationship.
And then it's what I call our average daily speed needed.
And I mean just at the speed that we used to move in the couple of contemplating.
We usually don't worry about, we don't repair ourselves or we clean or take our coffee, our coffee bag, our water bottle.
We use them, we throw them, we forgot from them, because we know that there's a job force on the other side that will get rid of it.
So today I want to suggest a couple of ways of thinking about the collection of waste that maybe help reduce the stigma and including in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
Their work, I think, is almost alternative.
They're on the street every day, a rhythmic form.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when you expect them.
And their work allows us to do our work.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us safely leave ourselves from our own least, our own definitions, and that flow should always stay in one way or another.
One day after September 11th, 2001, I heard the glory of a record collection truck on the street, grabbed my little son and dropped the stairs running down, and there was a man doing his paper recycled route as he did all the mixed biospheres.
And I tried to thank you for doing his work that particular day, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and just analyzed, and he said, "We're going to be okay.
We'll be OK."
Shortly after that, I began to investigate waste collection, and I went back to that man.
It's called Paul, we worked together many times and we made good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be okay.
But in our efforts to reclaim the way we exist on this planet as a species we should include and have in account all costs, even the very real human cost of the labor of work.
The municipal waste, what we think about when we talk about fragility, represent three percent of the amount of waste of the nation.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of their days and their lives, the next one you see somebody whose work is to clean the garbage of you, you have a moment to recognize them.
A moment to tell you, thank you.
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community life forming part of the environment where architecture is naturally born from conditions and local traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects like this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that the different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the end of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial center of various floors in Ethiopia, Addis Bear.
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example, my team and me, about what we had to design.
At first, the first thing I thought was, "I want to go away?"
After seeing some of these buildings there are many in the city we realized that there are three important aspects to reside.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second of all, you need to employ a lot of energy because of the crisis of crystals in the interior, so it's necessary to need a lot of cooling for it.
In a city where this should not happen, because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees over the year.
And thirdly, its aspect has nothing to do with Africa and Ethiopia.
It's a sentence to try with such rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, it was really comfortable with the old market that is this structural air structure where thousands of people, they go and buy things every day to small selling.
There's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that's what I really wanted to design, not a commercial center.
But the question was how to build a modern building, of various floors, applying these principles.
The next challenge was introduced by analyzing the site, which is located in a very growing area of the city, where a lot of the buildings that we now see in the image, didn't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of meters.
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two streets, using all the inputs of the building.
And this is spread with an inclined atrium, which creates a space to free air in the building that are absolutely absolutely absolutely automatically, the sun and the rain.
And around this space we've applied the idea of the market with little businesses, which changes in every floor because of the form of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that would respond to local climate conditions.
And I set up thinking about a similar tissue to a conversation of a concrete with perfections to allow the air entrance, and also from light, but in a filter way.
We then inspired in these beautiful buttons of the self-interest of the exposed.
They have properties of fractal geometry, and this helped me model the facade of it.
We're building that with these little prepared pieces that are the windows that let air and light in a controlled way inside the building.
This is made up with these little crystals of color that use light from the building of the building to light the building at night.
These ideas didn't be easy to convince developers because they thought, "That's not a commercial center. It wasn't what we asked."
But in fact, we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be much more profitable than the commercial center because ultimately there were more local to sell.
And also the idea of the facade was a lot more economic -- not only because of the material in comparison with the glass, but also because it wasn't necessary to have air conditioning.
So we got some savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve the energy subject for the building in a city where electricity is cut almost every day.
So we got a great advantage putting photographs on the roof.
And then under those panels we think of the roof as a new public space with areas of gathering and bars that will create this urban oasis.
And these pores in the roof, that in conjunction collect water for the health channels.
It's expected for the beginning of the next year, because we're going for the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia.
And to make such a big project, the biggest one that I had designed, needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia, but also its environment, its tradition and culture.
During that analysis I put special attention in the middle, a factor of 1,000 years old that he was surrounded by a wall with twelve door doors connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation that we did was broaden the existing streets, creating 12 similar blocks in size and characteristics that there are in Barcelona and other cities of Europe with these bits.
In addition to that, we selected some strategic dots in relation to the idea of interconnected doors with straight lines, and this made the initial model.
And the last operation was to think of the cell, the little cell of the project, like association, as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the medicine climate?
And it's North, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore a natural ventilation of nature.
So we have a schematic that claims that most of the apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with courtyards and then on the low plant, we have all the connections for pedestrians for the pedestrians for them.
And it also responds to local norms that make a greater density in higher levels and a lower density on the lower floor.
And it also reinforces this idea of doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like to retain the community the space occupied by construction.
It's where all the neighbors, they can climb and socialize, and make such as a road of two miles a morning, or jump from one building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally grow.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's life changes the communities and local economies at the same pace that the buildings grow.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple but associative solutions that improve the relationship between the community and the environment and that they have as objective to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight, a new girl joined our class. It was so remarkable, as you see all the new girls.
He had large amounts of hair in very bright hair, and a little picture of pencils, little penguins, it was very strong for the capital capitals -- very good for optimistic.
I ended up that year and I was filled with jealous, until I cried my sinister synchrony.
One day I spent a time after the school of school, I was a little afternoon, and I hid in the bag of girls.
When the coast was deliberately, salt, I entered the classroom, I took out of my master's table, the rapid of the rapidly.
And then I did.
I altered the ratings of my rivals, just a little bit, just some of them.
All of the things.  And I was going to go back the book to the box, but to see, some of my other teammates had very good notes as well.
So in a fresh, I ran the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put every row of God and myself a row of that, just for being there, because I could.
I still surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came from.
I don't understand why I felt good doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why they never caught me.
It was that everything was dramatically obvious.
They never discovered me.
But especially, I was obsessed with the reason why I was annoyed that this little kid, so small, it was so good for operation.
I was intrigued by jealousy.
They're so mysterious and so on.
We know that babies suffer from jealousy.
Also, the primates also are very likely.
We know that cells are the number one cause of government murders in the U.S.
And yet, I've never seen a study that analyzes the loneliness, or the long duration or the sadness.
So you have to go to fiction, because novel novels are like the lab where cells are studied in all of their possible forms.
In fact, I don't know if it is an exaggeration to say that if there was no fangs, I would have not literally.
Well, there would not be Hellon the infant, no organization."
There would be no king king, not "The 1,000 and a night."
There would be no Shakespeare.
They would disappear the readers of high school reading lists, because we would be losing "The Russian and the Furbyard," there would be no Gate "The Girl: We would lose "A "Made Bronx and Annan K."
Without jealous, there is no Program. I know it's fashionable to say that Program has the answers for everything, and in terms of the jealousy, almost all of them.
This year was turned 100 years of his masterpiece, "The most exhibition of the lost time, the most embarrassing study of sexual cells and also the ordinary competition, my own, all we could have.  And thinking about Program, we have the sensory details, right?
We thought about a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We thought about a humor magazine in your flag.
We forgot how hard that picture is.
We forgot what it is.
I mean, it's books that Virginia World said were as hard as a cat stream.
I don't know how the cat train is, but we assume it's superpower.
Let's see why they go so well together, the novel and the jealousy, the hairs and the Program.
Is it very obvious as the hairs that are reduced to the person, to their desire, to their independent, are a very solid narrative basis?
I don't know. I think we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy.
When we feel jealous, we tell ourselves a story.
One story about other people's life, and those stories make us feel terrible, because they're designed for that, to make us feel wrong.
Being both storytellers and audience, we know exactly what details to include the knife -- right?
The cells make us all amateur novels, and that's something that Project understood.
All that she does to give me pleasure could empower another, maybe right now.
And it starts to tell yourself that story, and since then, Proust says that Sand determines in his lover, it adds to his collection of instruments of torture in his private camera.
You have to admit that Sanda and Program, they were notoriously celebrated.
You know, the Nigeria boyfriend would have to abandon the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so jealous to recognize that it's a tough job. Right?
Cells are advantage.
It's a hungry emotion. You have to feed it.
And how are the cells?
The cells nurtured from information.
The cells use the details.
The cells like the large amounts of hair and the cute and small piece of pencil stops.
The cells nurtured from the photos.
That's why Institute is so successful --  Protei reassembles the accountability of the accelerator with the cells.
When Soal is in his chop of jealousy. I suddenly hear behind the gates and bribed the servants of his lover, then it defends those behaviors.
He says, "Look, I know you think this is reproductive, but it's not different to the interpretation of an ancient text or to look at a monitoring."
He says, "It's scientific research with real intellectual value."
Programma is trying to prove that cells are interesting and make us seem absurd, but in their medita, they are search for knowledge, search for knowledge, a real pain -- in fact, to property concern, the more painful the truth, better.
pain, humiliation, loss -- these were the pathways to the Russian wisdom.
He says, "A woman who we need, that makes us suffer in us a lot more profound and vital feelings than a wise man who can be interested in."
Is it telling us that we're going to look for cruel women?
No. I think it's trying to say that cells revealed ourselves.
And is there any other emotion that makes us open in this particular way?
Is there any other emotion that reveals our addiction, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Any emotion that teaches us to look at such a personal intensity?
Freud would write about this later.
A day, Freud was visited by a very nice young man who consumed the idea that his woman would suck it.
And Freud says that there was something strange in that man, who didn't look at what his wife's doing.
Because she was innocent. Everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause.
But he was looking for things that would make his wife, no count, involuntary behaviors.
Is it too much -- or accidentally accomplished with a man?
Freud says the man was becoming the chassis of the unconscious of his wife.
The novel is very good at this.
Now novels describe very well how cells make us look at intensity but no accuracy.
In fact, the more intensely celebrated we are, we become a resident of fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, cells lead us to make violent or illegal act.
The hairs drive us to behave in totally invisible ways.
Now I'm thinking about myself at eight years, I recognize it. But I'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news.
A woman in Michigan of 52 years old, was captured by having created a false account in Facebook since the message was sent to seen sensors, horrible to himself, for a year.
For one year, every year every year.
She was trying to instill the new girlfriend of her expert -- I have to confess that when or this, reacted with administration.
Because, let's be realistic.
What enormous -- although destiny, creativity, right?
It's kind of novel.
A Pathon-size novel.
Hydroin is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature.
It's the author of "The "The Extra on a Tree and "The Transit Mr. Ripplement," books that deal with how jealousy, confuse our minds, and once we are on the sphere, in the cells of the jealousy, the membrane that separates what could be, can be drilled in a sense.
Let's take Tom Ripplement, his most famous character.
Tom Ripplement is going to want to want to want what you have to take care of your self and get away from what you ever have to, and it's under the floor. It responds to your name, take your rings, cow your bank accounts.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take the route of Tom Ripplement.
I can't give you the whole world, as well as sometimes I wanted to.
It's a pity, because we live in the envy times.
We live in cells of jealousy.
I mean, are we good citizens of social networks, where the coin is the survival? Right?
The novel shows us the resist? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters always do when you're not sure, when they're in front of a mystery.
Let's go to Baker Street and ask for September Holes.
When people think about Hellands, they think about the mangready March in the Morning Project, that criminal genius.
But I've always been prepared to the "The Anderson Lester, the head face of Scott Barbare ratio who needs Hollywood desperate, needs the genome of Hollywood, but he gets annoyed.
Oh, it sounds so familiar to me.
Seward needs its help, but the resident and the bubble with submersible in each other of the mysteries.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and eventually in "The Avenue of the six Nazardon, once Hello goes in, he waste all with his solution, Stay back to Helley and says, "We're not jealous, Mr. Heyos.
We're proud of you."
And he says there's no person in Scott Barbary who wouldn't want to throw your hand.
It's one of the few times that we see Hollywood that we see in history. It looks like this very exciting. That scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat jealousy.
You know, in a minute Holly is the opposite side of Lester.
The next minute are the same side.
Suddenly, Lester allows you to admire that idea of being the restaurant.
Could it still be so simple?
What if cells are really a geometry, just a question of where we allow us to be in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to respond from the greatness of the other.
We can align them with it.
But I like the congestion plans.
So while we expect that to happen, we remember that we have the fiction to get us.
Only the fiction of the jealousy.
The fiction alone is the dominance, I invite you to the table.
And look at what is the the School of the Scanding, the Star School, the terrifying Tom Ripplementary, the crazy Sono March -- the same Marcel Program.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21, 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped outside of the Apollo 11 apart 11 and stopped on the Sargasso Sea Marine.
Armstrong and Albert were alone, but their presence in the surface gray gray was the culmination of a collective collective process.
The Apollo program was the biggest mobilization.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars a day or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died people, including the Apollo One.
But before the proper Peace program, 24 men traveled to the moon.
He was walking on their surface, which Allies after the death of Armstrong last year, is now the oldest now.
So why did they go?
They didn't have a lot of the back, 38 pounds of old rocks, and something that 24 stripped later, a new sense of the small and the fragility of our common home.
Why are they? The cynics is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to show the Soviets that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at Rice University in 1962 give us a better idea.
John F. Kenya? Some questions, why the Moon Monster."
Why do I turn it into our goal?
And you could also ask, why do you scale the highest mountain of it?
Thirty-five years ago, why would you fly over the Atlantic.
Why play Rice against Texas?
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Poent: For the contexts, the Apollo wasn't just a victory of the West on the Cold War.
At the time, the strongest emotion was to marvel at the transition of the powers of technology.
It was because it was a great thing to be able to do it.
The landing on the moon occurred in a context of a long list of technological submersions.
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane, the penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, the police is eradicated, and the smallpox eliminates.
Technology seemed to do what Alvin Tourist in 1970, called accelerator force."
For most of the history of mankind, we can't go faster than a horse, or a ship board, but in 1969, the Apollo of Apollo 10 flew to 40,000 miles or hour.
Since 1970, no human being turned to the moon.
No one has traveled faster than the Apollo 10, and the optimism of optimism about the power of technology has evaporated when we see that the technology will solve as to go to Mars, create a clean energy, cure cancer, or feed the world population seem to have some intractable results.
I remember watching the Apollo 17 speech.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that he doesn't look at the Scottish story called the Saturn Saturn.
I knew vagina that this would be the last long mission -- but I was completely sure that I would come to see the colonies in Mars.
So that of something that happened to our ability to solve problems with technology has become a common place.
We hear it all the time.
We've heard it for the last two days here, at TED.
It looks like the technologists have distract us and have been enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhones.
There's nothing wrong in most of these things.
They've expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There's a particular explanation in Silicon Valley, who trust that has created less ambitious companies than the years in which Intel internetent, Microsoft and Apple and Gene.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the guilty, in particular, the incentives that risk capitalists offer businesspeople to entrepreneurs.
Silicon Valley says that risk investment caused the creation of transformative ideas by funding incredible problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains mostly what's wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when venture capitalists were at their side point without worrying about the risk, they prefer small investment, minimum investors that could come out in 10 years.
The CRO has always had problems to invest with benefits in technologies like energy, which need a huge capital and the development is long-term -- they've never invested in developing technologies destined to solving large problems because they don't have an immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and deeper.
Sometimes we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted to.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular, and that will never happen.
We don't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes, we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of the world's energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar, wind and biomass, less than two percent, and the reason is completely cheap.
Carbon and natural gas are cheaper than solar energy and wind, and oil is cheaper than the biomass.
We want sources of alternative energy that can compete in price. They don't exist.
Now, technologists, entrepreneurs and economists agree about what policies and international treaties will increase the development of an alternative energy, mostly a significant increase in research and development and some kind of control of coal pricing.
But there is no hope in political climate that we will see an energy policy of America or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes, the big problems that look like technology, it turns out not to be.
We know for time that famines are result of failure in the food repair of food.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that affect the distribution of food.
Technology can improve things like cores or systems for the storage and support of food, but there will be famines while there were bad governments.
Finally, the big problems sometimes get a solution because we don't really understand the problem.
President Nixon will declare the war to cancer in 1971, but soon we discovered that there are many types of cancer, some terribly resistant to treatment, and only over the last 10 years seem to have found effective and viable treatments.
Hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we can't solve problems with technology.
We can and we should, but these four elements have to be present -- political leaders, and population must want to solve the problem, institutions must support the solution, have to really be a technological problem, and we must understand it.
The Apollo mission that has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve large problems, meets with those criteria.
But it's a redesigned model in the future.
We're not in 1961.
There's no general competition as in the Cold War, there is no politician like John Kennedy who is difficult and dangerous -- and there's no popular mythology of science fiction like exploring the solar system.
In general, going to the moon it turned out to be simple.
It was just three days.
And I really didn't even solve any problem.
We're alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows that we don't miss the challenges.
Thank you very much.
OK, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start tracking the general ideas that are about trust.
They're so common that they've become cliche of our society.
I think they're three.
The first one is a receiving," there's been a great decline of trust, it's a very pervasive belief.
The second is an goal: we should have more confidence.
And the third is a task: we should recover trust.
I think the record and the target and the task has been wrong.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a receptor, an objective and a task, which I think is a more clear idea about the subject.
First of all, the reconstruction: why do people think that trust has discounted?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I invite you to think that it may have declined in some activities or institutions and that could have increased in others.
I have no clear.
But I can resort to opinion polls and opinion polls are supposedly the source of the belief that trust has decreased.
When you look at the opinion polls over time, there are no many evidence of it.
I mean, the people who were injured 20 years ago, mainly journalists and politics, keep inspiring the same desirable.
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago continue to be quite confident," judges, nurses.
The rest of us are in the middle, and by the way, the average citizen of the street is almost exactly half the road.
But is this end evidence?
What opinion polls record are, of course, opinions.
What else can you recorder?
What you're looking at is the generic attitudes that people are asking when some questions are asked.
Does it trust politicians in the policy?
Now, if someone asks you, "Do you trust the version?
Do you trust the fish?
Do you trust the primary teacher's teachers?
You would probably start to say, "For what?"
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you might say, when you answered your question, "Well, trust some, but in other no."
Which is very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to unlock trust differently.
We don't assume that the level of confidence we're going to feel for a certain kind of office, functional or kind of person, is going to be united in all cases.
I could, for example, to say I trust a certain teacher of primary that I know to give the class of reading but in any way to drive the school microbes.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my most crazy friend to keep a conversation, but no, maybe to save a secret.
Simple.
And if we've got those evidence in our everyday lives of the way that trust is different, why do we leave all that knowledge when we think of trust in the most abstract way?
I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they try to evoke the good inherent judgment to trust something or somebody.
Second, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more confidence.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal that I would do.
I would be able to have more confidence in what's metaphorically measured, but not what it is.
Ultimately, I'm a part of not trusting what is not reliable.
And I think that those people who were depositing their savings with the very often called Mr. Madaged, who then disappeared with them, I think about them, and I think, well, yes, they were too confident.
Having more confidence is not an intelligent aim in this life.
Confident trust or negative consequence, that's the right target.
Once you say that, it says, yeah, okay, that means that what matters first is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What it's about is to make a judgment about how trustworthy people are in certain aspects of it.
And I think to be able to make a judgment, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they competent? Are they honest? Are they responsible?
And if we find that one person is competent in the perfect materials, and it's responsible and honest, then we'll have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be worthy of confidence.
But if, in contrast, they're not responsible -- we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competent, honest, but not trust them to take a letter to the post, because they're powerful.
I have friends who are very sure they can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competition.
And I'm really glad to say I think I don't have a lot of friends that are competent, responsible but extremely designed.
If this is, I still haven't been haunted yet.
But that's what we're looking for -- reliable before it trust.
Trust is the answer.
Conflict is what we need to judge.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last few decades, we've tried to build cutting-edge systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials and so forth, that make us easier to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a party and he said, "Well, you'll see, the problem is that it takes more time to make the paper advertisecular than you will hold on the data."
And we found the same problem in all of our public life, and institutional life, that the accountability system that is destined to ensure the trustworthiness.
What they do is to make the work of people who have to make tough tasks like the parts, exposing them to kill the chaos," as we say.
I sure you all know similar examples.
All of that, for the goal.
I think the goal should be more confined, and things would be different if we're trying to be confident and we will transfer to the people that we are trustworthy and to try to determine whether other people, functional or political ones are trustworthy.
It's not easy. It's the judgment, the simple actions, the attitudes, which is not done properly.
Third, task.
He would call the treatment recognition, puts things backwards.
It suggests you and I should rebuild confidence.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can reconstruct the trustworthiness.
We can do it if they're two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust -- ultimately, it's distinctive, because we provide it other people.
You can't reconstruct what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough bases so you can trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't deceive it, usually to all people, all the time.
But you also have to take advantage evidence that you're trustworthy.
How do we do it?
That is done every day, everywhere, does the common people, the officials -- the institutions, very effectively.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
And the store where I buy my socks says I can give them to give you no explanation.
I take them and get the money, or change them for the color that I want.
That's great. I trust them because they were vulnerable to me.
I think there's a great lesson in that.
If you become vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you are supporting trust and you have confidence in what you're saying.
So at the end, I think that what we're aiming is not something very difficult to discussed.
What people trust is the relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when the other person is trust.
Thank you.
From the beginnings of computers we've been striving for reducing the separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material and the world of the screen where the imagination can be warm.
This separation has been reduced, and more and more and more, at least one -- is less than one millimeter, the thickness of the glass of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to all.
But I ask myself, and if there was no barriers?
So I started imagining what it would be.
First, I created this tool that goes into digital space, so when the strong opposite against the screen transfers its physical body to pixels.
Designers can make their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs under the screen.
So, with this tool, the barriers are broken.
But the two hands remain still above the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the department of the hands?
In the division of Microsoft Science Cities, along with my mentor Cate Borian, I redesigned the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
Combine a transparent bombsight with depth cameras to detect the fingers and the face, now you can raise the hands of the keyboard, get inside of the 3D space, and grab pixels directly with your hands.
Like windows and archives have a location in real space, select them is as easy as putting a book out of a shelf.
You can hold the book and sew lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that is below every floating screen.
Architects can stretch or rotate their machines directly with your hands.
In these examples, we enter the digital world.
What if we invest the paper and make digital information come towards us?
Surely many of us will have bought and cut things over the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about.
What I have here is a virtual test on the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a device in your head or transparent when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we take this better idea, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so that we can touch them and feel them?
How would a future like this?
In the MIT Media Lab, with my tutor Hiroshi Ishii, and my collaborator, Rail Post, created this only physical pixel pixel.
This spherical magnet, behaving as a 3D pixel in space, which means that both the computer as the users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space.
Simplified, what we did was analyze gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic literature, mechanical and detectors and detectors.
And by programming the object, we released it from the constraints of time and space, which means that human movements can record and go back and stay forever in the physical world.
You can teach physically and distance and the famous shot of Michael Jordan can play as a physical reality the times we want.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets, physics, and, unlike currencies or text, this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel. It's very powerful.
But what's most fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information will not only show us something, but start acting directly about us as part of the physical world that surrounds us without having to get rid of our world.
So we started the talk today talking about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that remains is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a gym for two years in Hunar, China, in the '70s.
When I was in the first grade, the government wanted to transfer to a school for athletes with all expenses paid.
But my mother tiger said, "No."
My parents wanted me to become engineering, like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they firmly believed that there was only a close path to happiness, a safe work and well remotely.
No matter if the job would like or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese fingertip.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A opera singer has to start training from very young to learn the accelerating, so I tried everything I could to go to opera school.
I was writing to the director of school and the chairman of a radio program.
But no adult was added to the idea.
No adult made me serious.
Only my friends supported me, but they were kids, without authority, like me.
So at the age of 15, I knew it was too much greater to train.
My dream will never be done.
It feared that for the rest of my life a second class of second class was the only thing I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I resolved to look for another volunteer.
No one around me wanted to show me? Okay.
I remember the books.
"The Sandi Complete of Sanny (Audience Children -- "Chest Huntries Hermont Hall in 1995, and what were the first books that I read here?
Those who were forbidden in China, of course.
"The Good Earth is about Chinese pandemic life.
And it's not completely convergence. I understand.
The Bible is interesting, but strange.
That's one issue for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation, "Henry to your father and your mother."
"Honey," I said, "It's so different, and much better than observer."
So it became my tool to come out of this communication trap and to reset the relationship with my parents.
He meets a new culture as well as my comparative reading habit.
It was a lot of perspectives.
For example, at the beginning this map seemed out of place because this is what students in China learning.
I had never occurred to me, that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves people's perspective.
Compassionate reading is not new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There's to research camps like comparative religion and comparative literature.
Comparing and contrast, offers the academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought that if the comparative reading worked to investigate, why not do it also in everyday life?
So I started reading books from two.
You can deal with people "We have "We have "We have "We have "Women's French France "James of David McGowlandi who were involved in a same way, or friends with shared experiences.
For Christ, temptation are economic, policies and spiritual.
For the Buddha, they're all psychologists, lust, fear and social -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
(Change Theah Road Thomas Marra Walk Salary: Instead of losing me in the translation -- found that you can earn a lot of it.
For example, it's through the translation that I realized that happiness in Chinese literally means "grade flag."
And "November in Chinese, literally means new mother." Hey.
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know I'm not going to feel alone or powerless before.
Having a dream really is not compared to what many others have suffered.
I've come to believe that the reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that the dreams come from, where the passion comes from, where happiness comes from.
At a destinating dream, you can do that for you.
And that's thanks to books, that I'm here, happy, living again with purpose and clearly, most of the time.
So the books always accompany them.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first client of psychotherapy.
I was a doctor student in clinical psychology, in Berkeley permission.
She was a 26 year-old woman named Alex.
Alex came to the first session using cowboy and a shoulder hang, and I got into the couch of my office took the shoes and told me he wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so reliable.
My class had a pyramid as a first customer.
And it took me a shame that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the Christian stories that Alex brought to the sessions, it made me easy just to move the head as we delayed the solution.
The travel is the new 10,000-year, he said, Alex, and so I saw -- she was right.
You start to work after that, you have children after the death after death later.
For severe like Alex and there was time to go.
But soon after that, my supermarket pressure me to press Alex to talk about his loving life.
I resist.
I said, "Sure, it's coming out with guys under your category, and it meets a hollow head, but it's not as if it was going to marry him."
And then my supervisor, he said, "No, but maybe it was married with the next.
Also, the best time to work in the marriage of Alex is before it was here."
This is what psychologists call a "Hey time."
It was when I realized that the 30 is not the new two.
Yes, people feel head after what they used to, but this didn't make the 20th of Alex were a pause in their development.
This made the 20th of the perfect moment, and we were wasting it.
So I realized that this kind of benign negotiation was a real problem and had real consequences, not only for Alex and his loving life, but for the careers and the families and the vertebrates of shop everywhere.
There are 50 million dollars in the United States, today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you consider that no one comes to adulthood without going before the 20.
Put your hand if you're in your 20.
I want to see the shops here.
Oh, yeah! They're incredible.
If you work with seven, love a seventh, I take your sleep on a seventh, I want to see. It's good. Amazing.
This is not just my opinion. These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life spend at the age of 35 years.
And this means that eight in 10 decisions and experiences and moments and time "Ahead," that give them shape to your life will have gone for when you have 30 and so many.
People from over 40, they don't train in panic panic.
This public is going to be well, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on the amount of money they will gain.
We know that more than half the Americans are married, they live or are coming out with their future partner at 30 years.
We know that the brain ends up its second and last phase of growth in its 20s and represents for adulthood, which means that if there is something you want to change itself, now it's time to change it.
We know that the personality changes more times during their 20s than at any time in life, and we know that female fertility comes to its top at the age of 28, and things become complicated at 35 at 30.
The 20 are time to educate their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment where his daily and common life has an impact on the person that will become the person.
But what we don't hear often is that there's something called adult development and our 20s are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the vegs are listening.
The newspapers talk about changes on the line of adulthood.
Researchers call the 20 an extended adolescence of research.
The journalists take ridiculous names to the shops like the terrorists and "cropped."
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a triangle that is actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonard Bernard said that to achieve big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it true?
What do you think happens when you give them a shop on the head and say, "Do you have another 10 years to start your life?"
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency and their ambition and it doesn't happen absolutely nothing.
And then every day, smart sales, interesting like you or your children and daughters come to my office and say something like this: "I know my boyfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count. I'm just killing time."
Or they say, "Everyone says that while you start a race before the 30, it will be OK."
But then I start to sound something like this: "My 70s are going to end up and I still have nothing to show you.
I had better resume the day I graduated from the college."
And then I start to sound something like this: "My dates during the 20 were like the chair game.
They all run and fun, but then at some point around the 1930s, the music took off, and they all started to sit down.
I didn't want to be the only one who would be paralyzed, so sometimes I think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when I was 30."
Where are the vegs here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little extreme, but you don't get wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 30, there's a huge pressure to the wheat and so many of you to start a race, choose a city, choose a mate, and have two or three children in a much more short period of time.
Many of these things are not compatible -- and there are research that start to show that it's much more difficult and stressed to do everything in the '30s.
The crisis of the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the career you want now.
You can't have the son you want now, or you can't give you a brother to your son.
A lot of triangles and numbers see themselves and me, sitting in the room, and they talk about their 20s -- "What was I doing? What was I thinking?"
I want to change what the vegs are doing and thinking.
Here's a story of how it might be.
It's a story about a woman called Emma Emma.
At 25, Emma came to my office because he was in his own words, having a crisis of identity.
He said he would like to work in art or entertainment, but I still couldn't decide, so I spent the last few years working as a show.
As it was cheaper, I lived with a bride that showed more fear than ambition.
And despite living about 20 very difficult, his previous life was even more difficult.
He cried often in our sessions, but then she was lifted herself by saying, "You don't choose his family, but you can choose his friends."
Well, one day Emma got his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour.
I had just bought a new notebook for the director, and he had spent the whole morning with his many contacts, but then it was looking at the empty space that follows after the words "In the world of emergency -- please call the "free."
I was at the point of history when he saw me and said, "Who's going to be for me if I have a car accident?
Who is going to care about if I get cancer?
At that time, I was a lot of work to resist and not say, "Aye."
What Emma needed was not a therapiute that was really worried.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew that this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex to just sit while the decisive decade of Emma was going on.
So over the next few weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all of the one -- man or woman, deserves to know.
First, I told Emma that will forget that crisis of identity and get identity capital.
By capital of identity, I mean doing something that adds value to your person.
Make something that is an investment in what you want to be later.
He didn't know the future of the Marijana race, and nobody knows the future of work, but I know this: identity capital generates identity capital.
So now it's time for that work on the other side of the country, of that interior, of that company that you want to test.
I'm not risking the view exploration, I'm distilling the exploration that I should not count, which, by the way, is not exploration.
It's protecting.
I told Emma to explore jobs, and I would tell them to tell them.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are survived.
The best friends are excellent to bring the airport, but the old ones that come together with similar minds are limited in terms of who you know, what they know, how they think, how do they talk, and where do they work.
That new piece of capital -- that new person who will come out almost always comes out of its closest circle.
The new things come from what are called weak friends of friends of their friends.
Yes, half of the vegs have a bad job or they don't have work.
But the other half won't, and the weak links are the shape of tie to this group.
Half of the working jobs never submit, then, meet the boss of your neighbor is the way to get a work not published.
It's not cheating. It's science of how information happens.
Finally, but not least, Emma believed that you don't choose your family, but you know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a vegetable, Emma soon chose his family, when it has a partner and shape his own family.
I told Emma that the time to choose his family had arrived.
Maybe you think that 30 is better age to feel head than 20 or even 25, and I agree with you.
But choosing the person that you live with now or you care now when everyone in Facebook starts walking towards the alternative is not progress.
The best time to work on your marriage is before you have it, and that means being so intentional in love as you're in the work.
Choice your family must be a conscious choice of who and what you want instead of just doing it work or kill time with whoever chooses you.
So what happened to Em?
Well, we checked that director and she found the fourth of a cousin that worked in an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped him get a job there.
That work of work gave him a reason to leave the bride with which I lived with.
Now, five years later, it's special organized of events in museums.
This married a man who chose constantly.
I love his new career, love his new family, and I send me a letter that said, "Now the emergency contact spaces aren't big enough.
The story of Emma can sound easy, but that's what I love to work with shops.
It's very easy to help them.
The seven are like planes that come out of the airport of Los Angeles, who come out somewhere in the West.
Right before the launch, a slight advance in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or five.
In the same way, at the age of 21, or at the age of 25. A good conversation, a good content, a good TED Talk, can have huge effects in the next few years, or even in the next generation.
Here's my idea of spreading all the shops that you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to tell Alexander.
This is what I now have the privilege of telling you the stores like Emma every day: the travels are not the new 20, they recruit their adult, they get identity capital, they use their weak sentences, they choose your family.
They don't let me define why they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very successful job in genetic consulting for a work that was even more excited," the doctor.
I went to teach them mathematics to seventh grade students in New York Public schools.
And as any teacher, I applied tests and testing.
They give them tasks.
When the work came back, I calculated the grades.
What was called the attention was that C. wasn't the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of those who had a better performance didn't have any computer I.Q.
Some of my smartest children were not going so well.
And that got me thinking.
The kind of thing you need to learn in math in seventh grade, secure, are difficult: proportions -- the area of a parallel parallel.
But these concepts are not impossible and I was very convinced that every one of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during enough time.
After several years more of school, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivation perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure better ways.
It's the C, but what if I succeed in school and in life depends on much more than the ability to learn in a quick and easy way?
So I left the classrooms, and I went to university to become a psychologist.
I started studying children and adults in all sorts of challenging scenarios, and in every study my question was, who is successful here and why?
My research team and I went to the military Academy West Point.
We tried to predict what chains remain in military training and who will be returned.
We went to the National Constitution of Deletay, and we tried to predict what children would move away as far as possible in competition.
We study novel teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods, asking ourselves what teachers are still teaching for the end of the school year and of those people, who will be the most effective in improving the outcome of learning of their students.
We partnered with private companies, asking ourselves, what about these marketers are going to keep their work on?
And who's going to earn more money?
In all of those very different contexts, a feature arose as an important prediction of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good look, physical health, and it wasn't the C.
It was the determination.
The determination is passion and perseverance.
Determination is to have resistance.
The determination is clinging to its future, day after day, not only for the week, not only for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
The determination is to live life as if it was a marathon, not a career at all.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in the public schools of Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students to do my detection questions and then wait about more than a year to see those who graduate.
It turns out that the children with more determination had significantly greater chance of graduation, even when I packaged them in every characteristic that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized testing, even the security that children felt when they were in school.
So it's not only in West Point, or at the National National Center in the National Context in the determination of the determination, especially for children at risk of leaving.
For me, the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know, how little science knows about its development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do you develop determination in children?
What do I have to do to teach kids a solid the street ethic.
How do I keep them motivated for the long purpose?
The most honest answer is, I don't know.  What I know is that talent doesn't give you detail.
Our data shows very clearly that there are a lot of talented individuals that simply don't follow with their engagement.
In fact, in our data, the common determination is not related or it's even related to talent measurements.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing the determination in children is something called growth mental."
This is a developed idea at Stanford University by Carol Decept, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not seeing, that it can change with effort.
Dr. Decebring has shown that when children read and learn about the brain and how they change and grow in response to the challenge are much more likely to be able to perceive when they fail, because they don't believe that that failure is a permanent condition.
So growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination.
But we need more.
And that's where I will finish my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have in front of us.
We need to take our best ideas, our strongest intuitions and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they've been successful, and we have to be willing to fail, to be wrong, to start all again with the learning lessons.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our children more apart.
Thank you.
Growing up in Taiwan like the daughter of a critical, one of my most crowded memories is my mother showing the beauty, the shape and the shape of Chinese characters.
From that moment, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for a foreign, it seems as unlikely as the Great Wall China.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can melt this barrier, so whoever is that it wants to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new method of learning that Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the strokes of each character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Because we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese academic will understand 20,000 characters.
You just need a thousand to understand basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature, enough to read traffic signals, restaurants -- understand the basic idea of websites, or newspapers.
I'm going to start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
They open your mouth as much as possible, until it's square.
They get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a walk.
person.
If the shape of fire is a person with arms on both sides, as if I was screaming in a frantic way, a "forest -- I'm going to be driving -- this symbol is actually originally in the form of the call, but I like to believe that it's the other way. The one that works.
This is a tree.
tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The symbol of the door looks like a couple of doors from a singer in the old West.
I call these eight characters.
They are building blocks for creating many more characters.
One person.
If someone walks back, that's going to be solved."
As the old said, two are company, three are collaboration.
If one person will stretch your arms, this person is saying this is a big thing.
The person inside the mouth, the person is stuck.
It's a prisoner -- like Jone inside the whale.
A tree is a tree, two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a table under the tree, we have the foundations.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's an inadequate."  Easy to remember, since a parallel tree is pretty ideal.
Remember fire?
Two fires together, it makes very hot.
Three fire together, that's a lot of flames.
Put the fire under the two trees, that's wearing.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two suns together, properly.
Three together, those are front.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the bright.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and a night.
The sun goes on the horizon. Amazon.
A door. Put a table inside the door, is the street of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
To play, played someone at home?
This person is coming out of a door of a door, crying, engaging.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together are discussing them.
Three women together, they have care.
So we've gone for almost 30 characters.
By using this method -- the first eight radios will allow you to build 32.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32.
So with every little endeavor, they'll be able to learn a couple of hundreds of characters, which is the same thing that is learning an eight-year-old Chinese Chinese.
So after knowing the characters, we started creating phrases.
For example, the mountain and fire together, we have a fire mountain. It's a volcano.
We know that Japan is the land of the national sun.
This is a sun placed with the origin because Japan is east to China.
So one sun together in the origin, we created Japan.
A person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left are two mountains stacking one above the other.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile because the Chinese employees were destroying their political enemies, beyond the mountains.
Today, the exile has become coming.
A mouth that tells you to go out is a story.
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and down the stage. Thank you.
What I prefer to be dad are the films I come to see.
I love sharing my favorite films with my children, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the Wizard of Oz together.
The film dominated his imagination for months.
His favorite character was General, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and take a magic distance.
But when you saw that film, so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and raise our children in a kind of industrial complex of childhood specialists of child fantastics.
But the magician of Oz was an event in itself.
He didn't start that trend.
The trend really took over the course of course years later, oddly, another film whose protests, a metal kid and a nice kid would rescue a girl like a gun of the enemy.
Do you know what I'm talking about?  Yeah.
There's a big difference between these two movies, there's a couple of big differences between the Wizard of Oz and all the films we see today.
One is that there is very little violence in the Wizard of Oz in the magician.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like the apples.
But I think that if the Wizard of Oz is made today, the magician would say, Robina, you're the self-interest of Oz as the processor of it.
You use magic shoes to defeat the army computer-generated armies of the bright break.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing in the Wizard of Oz is that the most heroic characters -- wise and even village are women.
I started noticing this when I made Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I also had a son.
Only three years old.
It wasn't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the supervision level had dropped down.  So it was deposited in the room and he was impressed as a mom stuck with his patents, behind, and I don't think he would understand what was happening, but inevitably, absorbs everything.
I wonder what it is.
Would you be a matter of value, personality and listen?
Would you have the sense that Luke is an army to defeat the government?
Let's compare this with the March of Oregon from 1933.
How do you win his movie?
By doing good crumbs with everybody and being a leader.
It's the kind of world that I want my children to grow up Orthell, according to it, and not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so much capital Foundation, forest in the films for our children, and so little of the yellow barriers walk?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies, and you should read it. It's really good.
I haven't read so much about how kids react to this stimulation.
I know for experience that the Princess Lead was not providing the right framework that would have served me to navigate the adult world that is mirror.  I think at the time of the first kiss, I really hoped that credit would start to appear because it's the end of the movie, right?
My search has finished, I have a girlfriend.
Why do you stay there?
I don't know what I should do.
The films concentrate to defeat the violin and get their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost like being a kid, you have to be a dumb animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit.
There's a lot of exceptions, and defend the Princess of Disney to any of you.
But they send a message to children, although they are the boys, they're not really their objective public.
They do a phenomenal job when you teach girls how to defend the pathology, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the patriarchy.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, as real and lovely like Helman and Mangason, but they don't stop being movies of war.
Of course, the most successful topic of all the time continues to appear in classic after classical after classical after classical -- every one of them about the adventures of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and his son, or two men who bring a child.
Until a lot of you are thinking, this year, finally came out.
I recommend all of you. It's available in stores.
Remember what the critic said when he came out of Valley?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a film from a principle.
It's very good. Don't let that stop them."
Well, almost none of these films is the test of Becketta.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It's not taken rocks and already propelled it, but maybe we will start a movement.
Alana Beck is a comic drawing, and in the middle 1980s, I recorded a conversation that had had a friend about the assessment of the films that they saw.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that must be done, in the movie, are there more than a female character that has lines?
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
Are these women talking to each other at some point in the movie?
Their conversations are about something more besides the child than you like it?  Okay? Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things to each other.
It happens. I've seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the movie we know and love.
In fact, this week went to see a very good quality movie, Argual art.
Right? Rural Rosad, such an idea of consensus of what a Hollywood film is about.
Virtually not the test of Becketta.
And I don't think it should, because a lot of the film, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the movie happens in an ambassador where men and women are hiding during the regions of the revenues.
We have many scenes of men who have profound and painful conversations in this school, and it's the big moment for one of the artificies to take a look at the door and say, "Come to bed, care?
This is Hollywood.
So let's follow in numbers.
In 2011, from the 100 more popular movies, how many of them think they have female protections?
Eight. It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women who have chosen recently for Congress, then it's fine.
But there's a greater number that is going to disappoint this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one of five women say it's been sexually assaulted once in his life.
I don't think it's the guilt of massive entertainment.
I don't think the films for children have something to do with that.
I don't think that the video of music or pornography are closely raped, but something goes wrong, and when I hear that statistics, one of the things I think is that there are a lot of sexual architects.
Who are those guys? What are you learning?
What don't you do it?
Are you stacking the story that says that the role of a male hero is to defeat the violin with violence and then cover the reward, which is a woman who has no friends and doesn't talk?
Are we spariling that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistic and we want to prepare them.
We have tools to our disposal as a pollen poll, and we hope that it will help, but I have to ask, do you have to ask them to be able to protect them, at the same time, active or passively or passively -- are we educating our children to keep their political power?
I mean, I think the list of Netflix is a way to do something really important, and here I mean primarily to parents.
I think we have to show our children a new definition of man.
The definition of the masculinity is radically changing.
You'll have read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the association.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter what was his favorite character from "Star Wars you know what he answered.
Help.
And the Warm Kenya and Gland.
What do these two have in common?
Maybe it's not just the brilliant dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those films that know more than anyone, and they love sharing their knowledge with other people to help them attain their potential.
They are leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want less stories to say to my son, and I see and struggle only and more stories where it looks like his work is to join a team, maybe a team leading by women, helping other people improve and better people, like the Mari of Oz or October.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine, and one of the things I liked most was to look for sea recharge on the coast of Maine because my parents told me that it would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these shells.
They're covered in sand, and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I used to look for them.
I started to see shapes and patterns that helped me collect them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for the past and the archeology.
And finally when I started studying electronics, I realized that I would see with my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because, suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of almost 4,500 miles away to the Nichola.
And my sea cookies had grown into the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew it had to do differently.
I want to show you an example of how different we see when we use infrastructure.
This is a place located in Eastern Delta called Benjamin.
And the place, in simple sight, seems to be brown, but when we use the infrared and we process it using fake color, suddenly the place looks like bright pink room.
What you're looking at is the real chemical changes of landscape caused by building materials and activities of the ancient Egyptian.
I want to share with you how we've used satellite data to find a ancient Egyptian city, called Italy, lost for thousands of years.
Traditer was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in the Facebook, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this great revival of the ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The Egyptians always have known that Italy was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that built them, indicated inside the red circles here, but somewhere inside this huge round of revenue.
This area is enormous, about six times 4,000 miles.
Before, the Nile flow right next to Italy, and as he changed over time, it moved to the east, and he covered the entire city.
So how do you find a city sitting in an extensive landscape?
Trying to find it in random would be the equivalent to look for a needle in a haystack with the eyes sold and using baseball gloves using biologist.
So we use NASA topographic data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We could see where the Nile flows.
But you can see more detailed, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that looks inside the circle here, that we think might be the positive of TV.
So we collaborated with Egyptians doing show jobs, you can see it here.
When I say to show you, it's like the shot shots in ice, but instead of climate change layers, we look for human occupation layers.
Five meters down, under a thick layer of local, we found a dense layer of certainty objects.
This means that in this possible location of Italy, five meters down, we have a layer of occupation for several hundreds of years that distinguish the Middle Empire, exactly the same period that we think is Islam.
We also found front jobs, controlled from core and card, which shows that there was a jewelry shop.
This might seem not much, but when we think about the most common stones used on the Middle Empire, these are the stones that were used.
So we have a dense layer of occupation that gives the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence from a elite jewelry workshop that shows that what has been there, it was a very important city.
We still don't find Italy here, but let's go back to the place in a close future to localize it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to engage Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also make great discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire, probably written in Italy 4,000 years ago.
Sharing knowledge is the biggest of all volunteers.
There's nothing like that.
So it looks like, TED wasn't founded in 1984.
Make ideas happen really started in 1984 to C. in a lost city not for a long time, and found from the high.
It certainly puts the search for marine shells.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside, front of the door of his home.
I would like you to pay attention to the color of the door, to the material that's done.
Now they look at a group of obese numbers in bikes, bicycles.
They're competing in a number of bicycles, and they go in direction to their front doorstep.
I need to see this really true.
They are spending strong, they're sweating, they're getting a lot.
And they collide in front of the door of their house.
There are bicycles, flying everywhere, wheels that go on the side of the side of the wheels that end up in absurd places, spend the door of the door.
The grasp, the hallway, or what there is on the other side of the door, and look at the quality of light, the light of the Liberty on the Marines Monitor.
It's going on with your hand.
From his chair, on a brown horse.
It's a horse that I talk.
You can feel your blue skin making them sticks in the nose.
You can smell the sheet of airplane and steps that is about to get into the mouth.
Walk on one side and train their living room.
In the room, and making maximum use of its imagination, imagine Britney Spanish.
He's with a little bit of clothes, dancing on his center of center, singing Hi Bay Bay Middle Time."
Now join me to cooking.
The ground has been coated with a wall of yellow bricks and from the oven come to you Dorian, the Hurtinita Man -- the Lartards and the Los Wizard Marmary," grabbard from the hands, jumping up to you.
Okay. Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that takes up every spring in New York.
It's called the U.S. Medicarion Chambers."
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, hoping -- I suppose, that this was like the end of a superconductor superconductor.
There were several men and a few ladies of different ages and different hygiene.
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers, looking at them just once.
They memorized the names of tens and dozens of strangers.
They memorize entire poems in just minutes.
Compare to see who could memorize more quickly the order of a barrel of an analytical barber.
And I thought, "This is incredible."
These people must be phenomena of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a guy named Ed Cook who had come from England and has one of the best trained memories.
I said, "Hey, when you realized that you were a sand."
Ed said, "I am not a sand.
Actually, I have an average memory.
All of those who participate from this competition say they have normal memory.
"We have trained us to make these miraculous acts of memory using some ancient techniques, invented 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that Carbuistic used to memorize their speech, and that medieval academics used to memorize entire books."
And my reaction was, "Well, how did I not hear about this before?
We were standing outside the colleague room, and Ed who is a wonderful and bright English -- although a little bit excited, he said, "John, you are an American perspective.
Did you know Britney Spanishes as well?
And I said, "What?" No, why?
Because I would like to teach Britney Spokenness how to memorize the order in a live narchass barrel, national television.
That would prove to the world that anybody can do it."
And I said, "Well, I'm not Britney Spanish, but maybe you can teach me.
I mean, you have to start for something not?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the next year not only training my memory, but also researching it, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work, and what its potential.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called E.
He's great, very likely to the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that it had a memory problem. It's impressive.
Someone incredibly tragic -- but it was a window that allowed us to see how much our memory makes us who we are.
At the other end of the spectrum, I met this man.
This is Kim Peed. He was based on the role of Dusty Hamburg in the film Randelberg Man."
We spent one afternoon in the public Library of Salt Lake City, memorizing telephone guides -- it was central.
And when you go back, I read a number of treaties about writing memory about 2,000 years ago in Latin, in the Antarctic and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having trained memory and disciplined and culture was not such a weird thing as it can look like today.
A long time, people invest in their memory, to provide their minds.
These techniques have made our modern world, but they also changed us.
They've changed us culturally and I would say that they've changed us as well as cognitively changed.
As we have almost no need to remember, sometimes it seems to have forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where people are still involved by this idea of a trained memory and disciplined and cultural memory is this such singular competition of memory.
It's actually not so unusual, there are competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated. I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers from London College invited a group of memory champions to the lab.
They wanted to know: Is it that it has brains in some ways, structural or virtually different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they smarter than the rest of it?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually not.
It had yet a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the control subjects that they compare them.
When they put them in a magnetic resident machine, they scanned their brains while they memorized numbers, faces and forms of speed charges -- found that in memory champions lit up parts of the brain, different to others.
They actually used or seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves space memory and navigation.
Why? Is there something we can learn from this?
The tournament of competitive memory is driven as an armed career where every year shows someone with a new way of remembering more things, faster, and then the rest of competitors must be put a day.
This is my friend Ben Prime, three times a memory champion.
In his desk, in front of it, there are 36 bars of haphazard narchass that he is about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and just dominated.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 140,000 random binary digits.
In half hour. Yeah.
And while there's a huge amount of ways to remember things in these competitions, absolutely all techniques used at the end are reduced to one concept that psychologists call allergic cropperably?
It illustrates with an elegant paradox known as Barack "Jauuana, Buddhist says this: I say to two people who remember the same word, I tell you you remember there's a guy called Babylon."
That's his speed.
And then I ask you, "You remember there's a banana."
And when I go back later, I ask you to remember that word I told you about a back of a story?
Do you remember what it was?
The person he told that his name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word as the person who told her that his work is Babylon."
The same word, different capacity of memory, that's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the name Baker, it doesn't really mean anything for you.
With all the other memories that dance for your head.
But the word, Babylonian." We know was storming.
They use simple white hats.
They have sand in your hands.
They smell well when they go home to work.
We probably know some starrad.
And when we first heard that word for the first time, we started putting up astronaut scans to filter them easily at some point.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this data 250 years ago in ancient Greece Green.
It's known as the palm of memory."
The story says this: There was a poet called Simulantes that assisted a bank.
They had hired it as an entertainment, because before before, if you wanted to give a very good party, it doesn't take a D.J. contributed to a poet.
He stood out of foot, he got his memory poem, and he stopped, and so soon it was, the battle of the bank collapsed out.
And kill them all.
But not only kill them all, but destroyed the bodies by letting them wrong.
Nobody could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting there.
So you couldn't bury the bodies.
One tragedy behind the other.
Simultaneous, standing outside, only survival, in the middle of the rubble, closed the eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where I had been sitting every winter.
He took the family family in the hand giving them to where their loved beings were loved between the rubble ones.
What Simonoyman admitted at that moment is something that we all know more or less intuitively, and that is that no matter if we're not good for remembering names or phone numbers or instructions of the word for our colleagues, we have visual memory and space memory.
If I ask you to get rid of the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about Simulantes, it's very likely to be very difficult to do it.
But I would bet that if I ask you to say who was sitting on the paralyzed horse in their vegetable, they would be able to visualize it.
The idea of the member of memory is to create this building with the eyes of its mind and to take it out of images with the things that you want to remember -- the more crazy, the stream, the screaming and the open is the picture, more likely to be.
This is an advice that comes from more than 2,000 years ago, to the first memory treaties in Latin, in Latin.
And how does it work?
So let's say you've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and you want to make it memory, the same way that you would have done Circuine if you had invited TED 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine you're at the door of your home.
And to learn some sort of absolutely ridiculous image, crazy and unlikely to help help you remember the first thing you want to mention is that completely inspired competition.
And then you can imagine entering your home, and see the Monica of the Galapagos mounted on Mister Ed.
And that will remind you that they want to introduce your friend Ed Coope.
And then you would see Britney Sporadia to remind them that funny anecdote that you want to say.
And then you would go into the kitchen, and the fourth issue that you would talk about would be that weird journey that they did for a whole year, and have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how the Roman speakers memorize their speech, not a word for word, that will confuse them but typical per typical.
In fact, the term technology," comes from the Greek game, which means place."
It's a residence of when people thought about the orbit and the rhetoric with this kind of space terms.
The phrase "of the first place: it would be like the first place in his memory palm.
I saw that this was just fascinating, and I was full of it.
I went to some of these memory competitions, and I had the idea of writing something bizarre about this subculture of competitive members.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a pathologically boring event.
Seriously, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting on taking tests. I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when someone is killed the front.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are incredible things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put me in place.
So I started to spend 15 or 20 minutes every morning before I sat down to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem, or the names of an ancient school angel bought in a post market.
And I discovered that this was surprisingly entertaining.
He'd never expected it to be.
It was fun, because it wasn't only about training memory.
What is really about doing is better and more and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images, cartoons, productive, inspirations, absorbed and life invisible, in the eye of mind.
I was quite hooked.
This is me, using my standard team training for memory competition.
It's a couple of ears and security goggles. You know, safety goggles.
I ended back back to the same contest that had covered a year earlier. I had the idea that I could enter in a kind of participatory perfect experiment.
I thought this could serve for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the competition, something that didn't have to happen.
Of course it's nice to be able to memorize speech, and phone numbers, and shopping lists, but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because they're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And you don't need to be used to build memory palaces or memorize barriers of analysis, to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a big memory as if it would be an innate gift -- but it's not the case.
Great memories are educated.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we were deeply focused.
The member of the memory -- these memory techniques, are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even streams.
They work because they make us work for us.
They force a kind of deep processing -- a kind of complete attention that most of you don't have to exercise over there.
But the reality is, there's no shortcuts.
This is how things make memories.
And if there is something that I want to leave you today is what E. the genome that I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, I left me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose from what is now our short existence losing in the Blackberries or iPhone, not paying attention to being in front of us, who walks on our side -- will we be so historically honest that we don't even bother to process deep?
I learned firsthand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you must be the kind of person that I remember remembering to remember.
Thank you.
Today I'm going to talk to you about the last 30 years of the history of architecture.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex subject, so let's take a complex place, New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from N, Jersey, I was six years old, and I lived there at my parents' house in a village called Vincuin, and this was my child bedroom.
On the corner, from my bedroom, I was the bathroom I shared with my sister.
And between my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a balcony that gave the room to be.
And there everybody was going through the table, so every time I went from my room to the bathroom, everybody would look at me, and every time I got stuck and wrapped in a towel -- everybody would see me.
And I was like this.
It was to be a tone, insecure and hated it.
He hated that route, hated that ball, hated that room and that house.
That's the architecture.
Listen.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about mathematics, no diversity of areas, but from those visceral connections, emotional connections, that we feel in the places we occupy in places.
And it's not surprising that we sit in that way, because according to the environmental Protection Agency -- Americans spend 90 percent of their time underground.
Or, 90 percent of the time we're surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways that we don't even realize account.
That makes us a little naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what you get to you, think about power, stability and democracy.
And I know you think about it for based on a building 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a destruction that architects use to create an emotional connection to ways that we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection, we've used this trick for a long, long time.
We use it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century, to build art museums.
And in the 20th century, we use it to build homes.
See, these stable states, solid soldiers, in front of the sea, away from the elements.
This is very, very useful, because building things is terrifying.
It's expensive, it takes a long time, and it's very complicated.
The people who build the urbanism and the governments, they always have fear of innovation, and they prefer to use shapes that know they're going to work.
So we found buildings like this.
It's a beautiful building.
This is the Public Library of Lifelone who ended up in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, it has a dome -- it has this thing round, columns red, red brick that let us understand what Bionics tries to communicate with this building, the children, the property values -- history.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library of today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, it ended another library, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use media in the digital era.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to meet and read and share.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both so-called libraries are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works at the beginning of the peace.
On one side is innovation -- architects that constantly drive new technologies, new technologies, new solutions for current life.
We push forward and we drive so much, that we get completely removed from people.
All of black, all of the black, you think we feel very well, but we're dead in the inside, because we have no other choice.
We have to go to the other side and come back to connect with those self-determinative symbols.
So we do that, and we're all happy, but we feel like transparents, so we start to experience again. We do the penguin back to forward over and over again and again, so we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course, in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago, we went out of the '70s.
The architects were busy experimenting with so-called "the "devoted."
It has to do with concrete.
That can be added.
Small windows in steam scale.
Something really hard.
So we went up to the '80s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We pushed the peace back in the other direction.
We take those ways that we know that we like and we update them.
We add together and we added palestics and use new materials.
They love them.
We don't take a drink.
We take Chicago arts and turn them into skyscrapers that can be medieval chaos made of glass.
The shapes were shocked, livestock in audacity and colored.
The signs became columns.
The indications grew up to the size of buildings.
A madness.
But they were 80, that was great.
We all spend the mouse in commercial hubs, we moved to neighborhoods and there, in the suburbs, we can create our own architectural fantasy.
Those fantasies could be the Mediterranean, the French or the Italian.
Probably with a loaf of bread sticks.
This is what happens with politics.
This is what happens with symbols.
They are easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we recreated memories from other places.
I know very well, and you all know, that's not the Tasker.
This is Ohio.
Architects feel frustrated, and we started doing the peace again in the other direction.
In the '80s and early 1990s, we started experimenting with the so-called decorative.
We disappeared the historical symbols, now we have new design techniques that are assisted by computer, and we found new components -- some shapes that stars against other forms.
This is academic and embarrassing, and it's super imposed -- one is totally excluded.
Normally, the double paper again in opposite direction.
But then something amazing happened:
In 1997, this building.
It's the George of Bilbok, from Frank Gehry.
This building fundamentally changed the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Goldberg said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critics and academics and public in general, they were completely according to a building.
The New York Times did this marketplace of miracle.
The tourism in Bilbao increased in 2,500 percent when the building ended.
So suddenly, everybody wanted one of those buildings, Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Spring.
Everybody wanted one, and George was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these forms and wild and radical -- how is it possible that they become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because media was sold around them, and quickly we learned that those shapes meant culture and turns.
We've created an emotional reaction with these forms.
The same thing did the main mayors of the world.
So everybody believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and tourism.
This phenomenon of the new million happened with other stars of stars.
He went to Ghahana and Liberians, and what happened with these few elite architects in the new millennium, actually started going on with all architecture, digital media began to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think about how you make architecture.
A thousand years ago, you would have to walk up to the next village to see a building.
Transportation is accelerated, you can take a ship -- an airplane, can be tourists.
Accelerating -- you can see in the newspapers, on the telly -- and at the end, we're all architectures of architecture, and the building is transported beyond its physical location.
The architecture is everywhere, that means that the speed of communications finally has reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It's not a long time to think about a building.
It takes a long time to build a building, three or four years, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, 100 more buildings before knowing if the one who designed four years ago was success or not.
Because there has never been good feedback in architecture.
This is how we find buildings like this.
The brutality was not a two-year-old movement, but 20 years old.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they were arrested.
That's never going to happen, I think, because we're in the threshold of the biggest revolution in architecture from the investment of the ant or steel or supermarket, and it's the revolution of media.
My theory is that when you apply the peace to media, it starts to get more and faster, until you get in both extreme extremes in symmetry, and it develops effectively the difference between innovation and symbol, between us, architects and you, the public.
Now we can do almost instant symbols, with emotional load, of something completely new.
I'll show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that came up.
This is the center of a village called Pinard in Finland Island in the state of New York.
It's a community of vacation.
But that meant that two years before the building was finished, it was part of the community, and as the drawings, they seemed exactly to the end product, there was no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community, that first summer, when people began to come and shared it in social media, the building stopped being just a building, became a medium of communication, because these are not just images of a building, are the images that you made from the building.
And as you use them to tell your story, they become part of the personal narrative, and that makes circuits with collective memory -- and when we charge these symbols, we learn.
I mean, we don't need Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell us what we think about architecture, because digital media hasn't only changed the relationship between us, but they've changed the relationship between us and the buildings.
Think for a second in those Biotes of Bionics.
If that building is built today, first we would go to the Internet in search for new libraries."
We would be bombarded with examples of experimentation.
That's manipulations.
Manifests that can lead to the mayor of Living, people in Finland, and tell them that there's no unique response to what a library can be today.
Let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experiment.
Everything is different now.
Architects are no longer mysterious creatures that use great words and dramatic drawings, and one is not a destinating public that doesn't accept something that hasn't seen before.
Architects can listen to you, and you don't let you go through architecture.
That means that the dominant pedal of one style to another, of one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go forward and find right solutions to problems that are facing society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that the buildings in tomorrow will be very different to the buildings today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Seventhest can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical imitation of red brick of red brick with ideas of what a stadium must be.
This means that some robots can build our buildings, because we will finally be ready for the ways that are going to occur.
That means that buildings adapt to the whims of nature and not the contrary.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sports or for yoga. Or even one can marry in the night.
This means that three architects can dream in the East River of New York City, and raise half a million dollars of the community united around that cause, it's not a client alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little paper of regions, so muscle and fiber like the animals that are going to look like.
Because no longer matters if it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build, what matters is what we build.
Architects already know how to make more ecological buildings, more intelligent and more kind.
We've been waiting for all of you.
Finally, we are not on opposite side.
Find an architect, hire it and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot of in play.
The buildings not only reflect our society, but they make it shape to the smaller spaces, the local libraries -- the homes where we form our children, and the step of the battery to the bathroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, St. Steve.
He just turned a year and started walking.
And it makes it a great way, typical of the children of a year, talking as if his body was moving too fast for his legs.
It's totally beautiful.
And one of the things that I like to do for the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really loves his reflex.
It's laughing and child, and it gives itself those big, human kisses themselves.
It's beautiful.
Apparently, all of your friends do this, and my mom tells me that I used to do it, and he made me think, when to do this?
How are we suddenly not about our approach?
Because, apparently, we don't like it.
Every month, 10,000 people looking for Google, "Am I a light?
This is Faya, she's 13 years old, and he lives in Dennister.
And as any teenagers, it just wants to be loved and fit.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for next week in school.
It's a little bit of fear, it's a little confused because, even though his mom tells him all the little bit that it's beautiful, every day in school, somebody says it's ugly.
Between what his mom tells her and what his friends, or colleagues of school said, you don't know who to believe.
So a video of her himself, I published it in YouTube, and ask others to please leave a comment -- "Am I nice or am I a light?
Well, so far, Fayza has received more than 13,000 comment.
Some of these are so unfortunate, that it doesn't even deserve the pity to think about them.
We talked about a healthy and normal and current teenager, which receives these answers in one of the most vulnerable stages of their life emotionally.
Thousands of people are posting videos like this, in their most teenage girls trying to communicate in this way.
But what is it doing this?
Well, today's adolescents are almost not alone.
They are under pressure of being online and available all the time, talking, chapter, giving me "I like them, eating, sharing, publishing this never ends.
We have never been so connected in a continuous way, in a continuous way, so young.
As a mother told me, "It's like there's a party in your room every single night.
There's just no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from the hand with that are implantating.
This environment, to be always connected, is advising our children to color based on the number of "I like they have and the kinds of comments that they get.
There is no divide between a life online and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what's real or what it isn't.
And also, it's very hard to know the difference between what's authentic and what is discussed digitally, digitally, digital.
What is the most defined thing in somebody's life in front of what is normal in a daily context?
And where are you looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are populated from the news of the girls of the girls.
The wax models are still dominating our steps.
The technology of the self-descripting is now a routine now.
And trends like studying, the transparency, theraper, British and shop.
For those who know it, it means professional property.
These trends are associated from women in the popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what young people are shared.
But kids are not immune to this.
Like the supermarket stars of sports and the rocket singers.
But what's the problem with all this?
Well, surely we want our children to grow healthy and be well inexpensive individuals.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our children to devote more time and mental effort to its appearance, the price of all the other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical capability, their studies and other aspects start to suffer.
Six in 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they don't see the good enough.
These are not trivial activities.
They're fundamental activities for their growth as human beings, and as contributions to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one of three teenagers are not interested in class arguments, they avoid participating in the classroom debates because they don't want to call attention for their physical side.
One of five are not attending classes at the way that you don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the temperature season, if you don't believe that you see enough enough, specifically, if you don't think you're thin enough, you will get a better note at the average of your fellow partners who don't worry about that in the appearance.
And this phenomenon has generated in Finland, America and China.
Regardless of what you really weigh these young people.
So to be very clear, we're talking about how you see you, not how you really are.
The low self-esteem on its body is enabling academic performance.
And it's also affecting health.
Teenagers with little self-esteem do less physical activity, they eat less fruits and vegetables, they participate in more not healthy diet that can lead to a food show.
They have low self-esteem.
They are more easily influenced by people who surrounded them, and they're at greater risk of depression.
And we think that's all over this for what they make more risky decisions like alcohol consumption and drugs, dramatic diet, aesthetic surgery, sexual relationships to early ages and without protection and dance and harm.
The pursuit of the perfect body is paying the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe that they have overweight again, regardless of whether or they have no greater management rates.
17 percent of women are not presented to a job interview in one day where they don't feel secure with the way they look like.
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that opportunity?
Learning this potential is of interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, talking, for itself, doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key shapes, the first one is that we have to instill trust in your own body.
We have to help our teenagers develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of good programs are well-intentioned without realizing the situation.
So we must make sure that the program that our children follow not only will have a positive impact, but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs focus on six key areas, the first one is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are critical partisan points for any willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
An education is fundamental, but facing this problem requires every one of us that we take the results in the issue and be a better model to follow for women and girls in our own lives.
It challenges the current status of as women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to tell the ability of our politicians in terms of hair or the size of their chest, or insisting that the determination or the success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a great beauty of beauty.
We need to start to judge people for what they are, not as you see it.
All of us can start doing it by using responsibility for the kinds of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can choose people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you: When was the last time you had a mirror?
In short, we have to work together as communities, as governments and as businesspeople, to change our culture, so that our children grow up valuing all their people, valuing individuals, diversity, inclusion influence.
We have to put people to actually make the difference in a pedestal person.
To make a difference in the real world, let's make them be the ones that go out in the big screen because we just create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of them, where the way they believe that you see that you can never retain them to be who they are, or achieve what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in your life.
Who have in mind?
To your wife?
To the sister?
To your daughter?
Is it the submit? To your friend?
Could it be simply the woman who is at two seats of distance, what would it mean for her, if it was released from that autobiographical voice in his interior, that I promised for not having long legs -- more skinny, a more flat wine, a smaller level?
What would it mean for her, if we overcome this and we would say rest to its potential in that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with images is telling us all.
But let's teach our children the truth.
Let's tell us that the way you see is just a part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them for those who are and what they do, and because of how they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk about, and we compare with other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the little three travels of a year of today, become agents of safe change in their morning.
Let's do it.
On November five 1990, a gentleman called Elizabeth To go into a hotel in Manhattan and killed the Rabbi Merceling Karachi, the leader of Defense Lady Ladying.
We initially declared it invisible, but being press for other minor charges -- in the company of others, they started planning attacks to about 12 New York City, including tunnels, synapses and South Nations.
Luckily those plans were frustrated by a professional of the FBI.
Sadly, the 1940s bomb in the World Trade Center couldn't avoid it.
Later To Now, would be convicted by his involvement in that bombing.
Edward Now is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being he was an Egyptian engineer, with a former American mother, a primary school teacher, between the two made all the possible for giving me a happy child.
Only when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam, which is very few, even most Muslims -- come to meet.
For experience, I saw that when people take time to interact, it doesn't require a lot to get the same things in life.
However, in every religion, in every human group, there is always a little fraction of people who are detached so intensely to their convictions that think you have to use every possible media for everybody to live like them.
A few months before the arrest was sitting with me and explained that in the last week weekends, he and some friends, they had been going to train training in Long Island, to practice.
He told me that I would go with him the next day.
We got to the Canadian shot pollen who, without knowing our group, was spread by the FBI.
When I got to pull, my father helped me hold the risk in the shoulder, and I explained how to aim the target at about 30 meters.
That day, with the last bullet that would trigger I gave the little orange light on the object, and for surprise of all, especially me, all the target in flames.
My uncle went back to the others and in Arabic, he said "Who's "Bee."
So dad, such a son.
At all, the comment produced a lot of laughter, but just a few years later, I understood what it was so funny.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted to put a contained one with 700 pounds of explosives in the underground parking state of the North Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and injured another 1,000.
I admired those men.
I called them a love," which means you.
When I was 19, I had moved 20 times. That instability during my childhood, I didn't allow me to make a lot of friendships.
Every time I started feeling comfortable near someone was time to engage and go to another city.
As it was always the new face of the classroom, it was often victim victim.
I had secrecy my identity to avoid being the white -- but being the new of the class, silence and regular, was enough manifestimation.
So most of the time I spent it in home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons I didn't develop social skills, to say it survived under family, not prepared for the real world.
They were educated to be able to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators like their race or their religion.
So how could I open the eyes?
One of the first experiences that put to test my thinking was for the presidential election of 2000.
In a university program that I participated in the National National Convention, in Philadelphia.
My group focused on the topic of youth violence -- as I had been vacation of material almost all my life, it was something that I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from different backgrounds.
One day, at the end of the convention, I discovered that one of the kids who we had made friendships, was Jewish.
I took several days to go out to light this detail and realized that there was no inspiration between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend and frankly felt very proud to have been able to beat the barrier that all of life had made me believe it was a narcording.
Another crucial moment emerged when I got a summer job in Bush Garden, a disease park.
I found people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures -- that experience turned out fundamental in the development of my character.
All of life had taught me that homosexuality was a sin, and by extension, all of the homosexuality were bad influences.
By chance, I had the opportunity to work with homosexual actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most nice and less critical that I had seen in life.
Having been a sense of empathy to the suffering of others -- but it wasn't easy for me to treat kind, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
For that feeling I could contrast the stereotypes that had taught me as a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know how to be human, but I know what is to be judged by something beyond my control.
Then he came the Dalian Shark."
Every night, Jon Stewart made me completely honest about my intelligence, and helped me see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation have nothing to do with character.
In many ways, he became my own paternal shape at a time when I was desperately needed.
Occasionally, inspiration can come from the unexpected, and that a Jewish comedian had a better influence in my own life than my own father, extra -- wasn't in vain.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my way of thinking, and she told me something that I would hold in my heart forever, while she's alive.
She looked at me with the eyes tired of someone who has suffered enough of interactive game and said, "I'm tired of haterer."
At that time, I realized how much negative energy is needed to keep all that hate in your gut.
My real name is not Zach Explod.
He changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why decided to go out and put me in a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope somebody is trying to lead to violence, I can hear my story and understand that there is a better path -- that even though I was connected to this violent and interesting ideology -- I didn't get to make it fantastic.
In contrast, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against prejudice.
I do it for the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones, by the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced in their lives.
For the victims of terrorism to speak, against those meaningless acts, as a rejection.
With this simple I'm exposing here as evidence that violence is not inherent to any religion or race, the children don't have to follow the roads of their parents.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you. Thank you.  Thank you. Thank you.
Right now, there is a film that projects in their minds.
It's an incredible multi-like movie.
It's 3D, and it has a sound of what you hear and see right now. But that's just the beginning.
Your film has a shoes, taste and texture.
You feel your body, your pain, your hunger, your pleasure.
It has emotions, anger, happiness.
It has memories, as moments of your childhood who project in front of your eyes.
And it's constantly a voice in your funding of conscious thinking.
The heart of the film is you who experience everything in the direction.
This film is your consciousness, the subject of the experience of the mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of being human.
Every one of us is conscious.
We all have an internal movie, you, T and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least I know I have a sense of consciousness.
I have no certainty that you are conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't conscious, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time, it's the most mysterious phenomenon of the universe.
Why are we consciously?
Why do we have these internal movies."
Why are we not just robots that we have to produce results without experiencing the internal movie?
At this point, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that for integrating science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible to be a science of consciousness.
Science, by nature, is goal.
Consciousness, by nature, is subjective.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost all the 20th century, I prevent that vision.
psychology studied the obsessed behavior, the neuroscience studied the brain objectively -- but nobody mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
Then, 20 years ago, it all started to change.
Neuroscientists like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Pervasion said, "Now it's time for science to love consciousness."
And since then, there was a real explosion, a business of scientific work about consciousness.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations until the moment.
The center of consciousness in recent years was the search for correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw something about this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Kanera presented a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy.
But this is still a science of correlation.
It's not an explanation science.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to you that this kind of work of neuroscience responds some questions that we want to explain consciousness -- the questions about what certain areas of the brain do and what are correlated with.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
No offense to neuroscience.
Actually, there are no easy problems with consciousness.
Well, I don't deal with the real central mystery of this matter, why do all physical processes in the brain have to be accompanied by consciousness?
Why is there a subjective motion movie?
At this point, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's give it a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emergent phenomenon like electronics, like humbles, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical survivors are all cases of emerging behaviors, how the embarrassing of the embarrassing, how the hurricane works, how they reproduce them, are adapting and metabolism. They're all questions about objective function.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and functions of the human brain as an emergent phenomenon -- how we walk, how do we play chess -- are all questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, questions about behavior are among easy problems.
But the hard problem, is the question of why is it that all behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here is, the standard paradigm of the survival, the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually doesn't have a lot to say.
I'm a heart scientist material.
I want a scientific theory of the self-assembly that works. For a long time, it hit me the head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in terms of physical terms that would work.
But at the end I came to the conclusion that it didn't work for systemic reasons.
I think we were stuck at this point.
We have a wonderful explanation chain, a great experiment -- we get used to this -- physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit on this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we're aware of.
Moreover, we don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I think consciousness, right now, is a kind of analysis, something that we need to integrate our worldview, but we don't know yet.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas. I think we need ideas that are going to be crazy before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennison, who's here today, has one.
Their crazy idea is that there is no such a hard problem of consciousness.
All the idea of internal subjective film includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
In fact, what you need to do, is to explain the objective functions -- the brain behaviors -- and so you study everything that needs explanation.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of the purely reduced consciousness, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many others, that vision is pretty close to simply deny that the observation of consciousness is satisfying.
But I go in a different direction.
Over time, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promised.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is critical.
The physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental strands: space, time and mass.
They postulate fundamental laws that governs them, like gravity laws or quantum mechanics.
These fundamental laws and properties are not explained in terms of nothing more fundamental.
Instead, they consider fundamental, and the world is constructed.
Sometimes, the list of the fundamental is already.
In the 19th century, Marcue discovered that you can't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts in terms of fundamental concepts, space, time, mass, laws of Newton. So it puts the basic laws of electronics, and put the electric burden as a fundamental concept that those laws governs again.
And I think that's the situation that we find with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas -- precisely, space, time, mass, load, then because of logic, you have to tie the list.
The most natural thing would be to force consciousness itself as a fundamental thing, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not the object of science.
It opens the way to scale it scientifically.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass, physical processes.
physicists sometimes say that we want the fundamental laws that we can estimate in a remoteness.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws as simple as we can estimate it on a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we see.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called "Paradigms," "Pane for everyone, presentational for mind, every system is conscious, not only humans, dogs, mice, flies, even the microbes of Rob King, the elementary particles.
Even a picture has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that photons are smart or you think.
It's not that a photo can be filled with analysis when it thinks "Oh, always traveling at the speed of light.
I can never slow and smell the roads."
No, so no.
But the thought is that maybe photons can have some element of raw feeling, subjective feeling, some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little crazy for you.
How would anyone think about something that crazy that?
In part that comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental, like space, time and mass, it's natural to assume that it can also be universal, like others.
It's also worth noting that although the idea seems illegal to us, it's much less for people of different cultures where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful form of finding fundamental laws that relate to physical process, is to pollute consciousness with information.
Whenever information processing, there's consciousness.
complex information processing as a human being, complex consciousness.
Simple information processing, simple consciousness.
Something very exciting is that in recent years a neurologist, Gifte Tony, I took this kind of theory and development and development with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information integration that called the first, which measures the degree of information integrated in a system.
And I guess it has to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible degree of information integration -- a high degree of pine, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there is a half a half a half a half a half a half a half a half an information integration -- very significant, very important awareness.
But when you get to the calculators, microbes, particles -- the degree of the field is decision.
The level of information integration is less, but it's not zero either.
In Tingow theory, there will still be a level of different awareness of zero.
In fact, it provides a fundamental law of consciousness, high degrees of the figure, high degrees of consciousness.
Moreover, another reason is that passionate can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world.
physicists and philosophers have often observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations -- but it doesn't talk about the reality that underlies underneath.
As Stephen Hawking explained where the fire of the equations come from?
From the O.C. the equations of physics can be left as they are, but you can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this view, consciousness is the one that puts it in the equations.
In that view, consciousness is not found outside the physical world as a kind of addition.
It's right there in the center.
This vision is, I think, the psychic vision, has the potential to transfer our relationship with nature, and can have social consequences and ethical consequences.
Some can be inexpensive.
I used to think that I should not eat anything that had consciousness, then it must be vegetable.
If you're a sharpenate and you accept that vision, you will be a lot of hungry.
I think that thinking about it, this tends to transform your views, while what matters in ethical terms and moral consequences, is not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the Arthurastic intelligence system in Sama in the movie "Hey!"
Is it consciously?
According to the view of paradigmant information, she has a processing of complicated information processing, so the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, you have a pretty serious ethical problems about the ethics of the development of intelligent computer systems and the ethics of getting them.
Finally, you can ask for the consciousness of full collective collective consciousness, the planet.
Canada has its own consciousness?
Or to a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience in a TED Talk, at this moment we have a TED collective consciousness, an internal movie for this whole TED group, different from the internal films of each other?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that has to take seriously.
So this paradigm view is a radical view, and I don't know if it's right.
I actually am safer from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing, that the second one is universal.
Vision is a lot of questions, many challenges, like, how those bits of thinking contributes to the kind of complex consciousness that we know and we love it.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we're going on the right path to a theory of serious consciousness.
If you don't, well, this is probably the most difficult problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight.
But I think eventually we will find it.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a small rural village in Victoria.
It had a very normal profile, a low education of education.
I went to school, I joined my friends, I fought my younger sisters.
It was all very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community approached my parents because I wanted to join a community prize.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very nice, but there's an obvious problem.
She hasn't done anything."  And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades. After school, I had a low profile in my mother's pill, and spent a long time looking at the Bush Separate and "Denis Creature."
Yeah, I know. What a contradiction.
But they were right.
I didn't do anything that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can consider as a achievement if we take the disability outside the equation.
And years later, being in the second part of the teaching at a high school in Melton, just after about 20 minutes in the 11 class of legal studies, a guy raised his hand and said, "Hey, when you give your discussion speech?"
And I said, "What do I speak?
Well, I had been talking about the defamation law for about 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, your motivation speech.
When people in wheelchair, they talk about inspiring things in school?"
"For large, in the actor of actors."
And it was then when I realized, this child had had experiences with people who are disabled as objects of inspiration.
And we are not. And it's not the blame of the guy, that's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our manufacturers.
We're not real people. We're there to inspire.
And in fact, I'm on this stage looking at what I do in this wheelchair of wheels, and you're probably waiting for you to inspire you. Right?  Yes.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid to tell you a strategic study.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that they have lied in relationship to disability.
Yeah, we've sold the mindset that disability is something Balloon, Mari, mark.
It's bad and living with a disability makes you exciting.
It's not bad, and it doesn't make it exciting.
And over the last few years, we've been able to spread even more this lie through social media.
You may have seen images like this: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude.
Or this one: "Your excuse is learned."
Or this one: "Before I left, intentional to it."
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a huge amount of them.
It may be that you have seen one, the girl without hand drawing with a pencil associated by the mouth.
You may have seen a child who runs with leadership fiber open legs.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the term deliberately depressed, because they cost a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we match the disabled.
The purpose of these images is to inspire you, to motivate them, so that we can see them and think, "Well, for very bad my life, it could be worse.
I could be that person.
But what if you are that person?
I lost the number of the number of times that you've been terrified with strangers wanting to express that I am courageous or a source of inspiration, and this was going on before my work had a public profile.
It was like I was happy to stand up in the morning and remember my own name.  And this is to compete.
These images, those images match people with disabilities.
They're there so you can see them and think things aren't so bad for you, or to put your concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something difficult.
We hold some things.
But the things that we overcome are not the things that you can think.
They are not relative things to our bodies.
I use the term "defended people," deliberately because I subscribe to the so-called social model of disability, which tells us that we are more disabled because of society that we live because of our bodies or diagnosis.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very close with him.
The things I need to do, and I've learned to get the best of your capacity as well as you do, and that's what happens with the kids of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything outside of the common.
They're simply using their bodies taking the best of their ability.
So is it really just to focus on the way we do, when we share those pictures?
When people tell us, "You are a source of inspiration," it tells you as a computer.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the lies, because we've sold this mindset that disability makes us exceptional.
And honestly you don't.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here to boycott the inspiration, and you think, "For God, Stanford, aren't you sometimes inspired by something?
And actually, I know I am.
Learning from other people with disability at all time.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
Learning that this is a great idea to use some paradigm pieces to collect the things that fall to me --  learning the ingenious trick of how to load the battery of the mobile phone in the battery of the chair.
Great.
We learn from the force and resistance of others, not against our bodies and our diagnosis, but against a world that is exceptions and consistent.
I really believe that that lie that has sold us about disability is the biggest injustice.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote: "The only disability in life is a bad action, the reason that's going to lie is because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles before a story of stairs has never done that it becomes a ramp.
Never.   So San before a television screen won't make the subtitles for deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and bringing a positive attitude to turn all those books into the brilliant.
It's just not going to happen.
I want to actually live in a world where disability is not exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15 year-old girl sitting on his bedroom watching "Buddhist the Valley Slow is not considered no measure of anything for being in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have such low expectations of people with disability that we are happy to get away from bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disability, and I want to live in a world where a child in the 11 degree in a high school in Melbourne is not a little bit surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair.
The disability doesn't make us exception, but to question what you think you know about what you do.
Thank you.
What do you have to see the augmented reality and the professional football, with empathy?
And what is the average speed of a neurology without care?
Unfortunately, today I just answer one of those questions, so please don't be deposited.
When people think about augmented reality, they think of "Minority Republican and Tom Cruise on the air, but the augmented reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen, because we have the tools for it, and people need to know it, because reality increases to change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how do we get to the really underestimate reality?
The first step, is what I carry on, the goggles Google Glass.
I'm sure many are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that Google Glass.
Let me experience what is to be a professional sports in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use the Google Glass, underneath a helmet and knowing what is going to run through the game camp to 100 miles, the blood beating the ears.
We can know that it feels like a 12-year-old man chasing us, trying to focus on all its being.
I've been there and I assure you that it's not quite nice.
I bring some videos to show you what the Google Global is to use under the helmet and give them an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images of the practice of the Newton, because the idea of the New York in emerging technology is a submersible rising to the surface, but we do what we can.
So let's see a video.
Chris Cloud: Come on.
It's horrible to be done.
A moment. Let's zoom up a little bit.
Pressure?
Go!
Chris Cloud: As you can see, it's a probability of what is to be carved in the football field, from the perspective of the drawing.
You might have realized that they lack people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, corresponds at the University of Washington.
Fear marijuana, Missiles 54: Mission 52."
Blue eight, blue eight, go!
Chris Cloudy: This is a little bit more about feeling being in the field, but it has nothing to do with being in the Newton.
Families want that experience.
Families want to be in the field, to be their favorite players, and they've asked me in YouTube and on Twitter, "You can see from the angle of a field marine.
Or a routine?
We want to experience that."
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Glass, how do we get ourselves together, how do we take it to the next level?
We take it to that level using something called Hide Rio, which is surely many of you already know.
The High Richard has been described as the most realistic virtual reality apparatus ever, and it's not cheap work.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh.
No, no, no. I don't want to keep playing. No!
Oh, my God. Ah!
CK: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain having his life.
What will be the experience of a bread when we record a video of Adrian Peters crossing the line, getting rid of a cartoonist with the arm before running and doing an antibiotic analysis? What will be the experience of a fan fantasy.
When it can be Messe running through the candidate, throwing the ball into the bottom of the network? Or Ferrish doing a store in Cambridge:
What will be your experience when I described from a mountain to more than 100 miles as an Olympic skin?
Maybe they increase the sales of diapers for adults.
But this is not really increasing.
It's just virtual reality, R.A.
How do we reach the real trained, RA: How do we reach the real trained, right?
We will take the reality of augmented when the coaches and the migrants and the owners see the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to win partics?
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win. They give them money.
So, here is a short primer about technology in the Newton.
In 1965, the Baltimore Pottes put a wrist to their field marijuana to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl, that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the Newton put radios in the helmet of the fields of fields and after the defenses.
They had more viewers because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2013, imagine you're a player coming back to your group, and you see his next game shown in front of you, in a plastic tour of plastic that you carry on, you won't have to worry about forgetting a game.
Or to memorize strategy.
They just go out to the field and react.
And coaches want it because if you don't follow their instructions, they lose parties, and they hate to lose games.
If you lose parties, you leave you as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But augmented reality is not just a manual strategy manual.
The augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the game.
How would you do that?
Well, a very simple option would be to have a camera in every corner of the stadium, having a view from the top of people who are down.
You also get information from the sensors of the helmet and the accelerometer.
And all that information is sent to your players.
Good teams will know to send it.
The bad ones will have an information of information.
This will differentiate the good teams of the bad ones.
So your computer team will be as important as your reconstruction, and the data analysis will stop being just for nerds.
Who would be also for sports. Who would have thought?
How would it be in the country?
Imagine you're the field marine.
You get the bullet and you get back.
You look for an open receptor -- suddenly, a standard on the left side of your bombsight would warn you that a defense behind you're going to attack you. Normally, you wouldn't see it, but the Rwest system is advanced you.
They move into the protection area.
Another palace gives you that there's an open receptor.
You launch the ball, but you melt you down.
And the ball loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to landing. However, the receptor sees in his bombsight a grass area that lights and can modify the race.
It supports, it grabs the ball, running and analysis.
The public will fill and the fans have followed the game from every angle.
This is something that creates massive emotion in the game.
I'm going to make lots of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
Families want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
The augmented reality will be part of the sports because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is: do we want this to be the only use of augmented reality?
Are we going to use it just as bread and circuit, like our usual entraphic?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use augmented reality to foster the empathy between human beings, to show someone how it is, literally, being in another person.
We know what this technology is worth for sporting legs.
It generates billions of income a year.
But how much is this technology for a professor in the classroom trying to show an abusive how harmful their actions are their actions from the perspective of the victims?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how is it being perpetuated?
How much is it for a Conferene Commander or a Neil degree Tine trying to inspire a generation of children to think more in space and science instead of quarterly notes and Karachistepies."
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality is approaching.
The questions we make, the decisions we take and the challenges that we face, they depend on, as usual, of us.
Thank you.
I recently retired after 23 years of service.
Most of those 23 years I was sponsoring the southern end of the county of Marine, which includes the Goldman Gate Bridge increase.
The bridge is an iconic structure, known globally by its beautiful views of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean, and its an architectural style.
Unfortunately, it's also an imam for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Goldie Gate Bridge was open in 1973.
Joseph Staris, engineering boss of building the bridge, said, "The bridge is virtually to test suicide.
The suicide from the bridge is not practical nor probability."
But from their openness, more than 1,600 people have jumped away from that bridge.
Some believe that traveling between the two towers will take you to another dimension, this bridge has been identified as such, so the fall from it frees you all your concerns and pain, and the waters that go underneath clean your soul.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After a four to five seconds, the body chose against water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact broke bone, some of which provides vital organs.
Most of them die in the impact.
The ones that don't normally be stuck in the helpless water, and then they shoot.
I don't think that people who share this kind of suicide method you realize the death malaria will be confronted to.
This is the cable.
Except about the two towers, there are 32 inches of parallel steel in the bridge.
This is where most people are going to be in before the lives of life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is in that edge, and at the darker time, it's very difficult to bring them back.
I took this picture last year while this young man talked to an office contemplating his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we had success that day to bring it back over the barrel.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We fought to channel the path through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who contemplating suicide, but the officials as well.
We've turned a long way since then.
Today, survivors and psychologists train new officials today.
This is Jason Garba.
I met it on July 22 last year when I got a call from a potential subject subject sitting in the heart near the center.
I said, and when I came from, I looked at Jason talking to an official of the Goldman Gate Bridge Gate.
Jason was just 32 years old, and he had flown up here from New Jersey.
In fact, it had flown up to here two times before New Jersey to try to suicide from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jassi, we asked if we knew the story of the Panare box.
Remembering the Greek mythology. Zearland created Panama, and he sent it to the Earth with a box, and he said, "No, you never open that box.
Well, one day, curiosity could more than Pangeron, and she opened the box.
And it came up players, sorrows and all kinds of bad against the man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us, "What if you open the box and there's no hope?
He stopped instantly, leaned on the right, and it was gone.
This wonderful and intelligent guy in New Jersey, just removed life.
I talked to the parents from Jason that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the following day, the rabbi of the family called me to see how it was.
The parents of Jason had been asked to have asked it.
The collateral damage of suicide affect many people.
I ask you these questions: What would you do if a member of your family, a friend or somebody loved out successful?
What would you say?
You know what to say?"
In my experience, it doesn't only have to speak, but you have to listen to it.
Listening to understand.
Not discoveries, columns, or say to the person you know how it feels feel, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the point of inflection you need.
If you think someone is suicide, you're not afraid to face them and ask the question.
One way to ask you the question is, "Do you see others in similar circumstances, have you thought about ending your life. Have you had these thinking?
Confront the person in front can save life and be the point of inflection for them.
Other signs to look, despair, believing things are terrible, and they're never going to improve -- impossible, believe that there is nothing you can do about it, social isolation, and a loss of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple days ago, and I got an email from a lady and I'd like to read her card.
She lost his son on January 19, this year, and he wrote to me this email just a couple of days ago, and it's with his permission, blessing that I read it.
"Hi, Kevin. I imagine you're at TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go to foot in the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave you a note.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home.
I'm still quite unexpected, but it's more moments to realize that Mike won't go home.
Mike was driving from Peter to San Francisco to see the 1920s party of the 19 of January.
I never got there.
He called the police of Peter and reported it as a disaster that night.
At the next morning, two officials came to my house and reported that Mike car was down in the bridge.
A witnesses had seen him jump from the bridge at 1.2 of the last day before.
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves.
Who hasn't been before wrong without suffering a real mental illness.
It shouldn't be so easy to end with it.
My prayers are with you for your struggle.
The GDP, the Goldman Gate Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay, not a cemetery center.
Good luck this week, Vicycle."
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and turn the way his son took that day, and also the value to go forward.
I'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value.
On March 11, 2005, I responded to a radio call for a possible subject subject on the sidewalk of the north tower.
I drove my bike, and I looked at this guy, Kevin Berting, standing on the sidewalk.
When he saw me, I immediately crossed the shell, and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
During the next half time, I heard as Kevin talked about his depression and hope.
Kevin decided for his account that day going back to that lane and give life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, I congratulate it.
"This is a new beginning, a new life."
But I asked him, "What was it that he made you come back and give the hope and life another opportunity?
And you know what he told me?
He said, "I listen to you.
Let me talk to you and just listen to it."
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from the Kimid mother, and I have that letter with me, and I'd like to read you.
"Dear Brians, nothing will erase the events of the 11 market, and you are one of the reasons why Kevin remains with us.
Honestly, I think Kevin was moving for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental disease for which it has been correctly medicing.
I adopted Kevin when I was only six months old, completely unaware of all of those heroine traits, but thank God, we now know it.
Kevin is in order, as he says.
We give God for you.
Honestly, in debt with you, Norway Berkeley."
And at the end she wrote, "Payax, when I visited San Francisco Hospital that night, you signed up like the patient.
"I know I had to solve it."
Today, Kevin is an active father and the active member of society.
He speaks openly about events of that day and their depression with hope that his story inspired others.
Success is not just something that I've found in the work.
It's personal.
My grandfather sticks with poison.
That act, despite finishing its own pain, I stole the opportunity to know it.
This is what the suicide does.
For most people, suicide people, or those who consider suicide, wouldn't think about fooling another person.
They just want their own pain over.
Normally this is only about three ways: sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've answered and have been involved in hundreds of mental diseases and calls of suicide around the bridge.
Of those incidents that I've been directly involved in, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jason.
The other one was a man who talked to him about an hour.
For that time, I broke my hand in three times.
In the final peak, I looked at me, and he said, "Kevin, I'm sorry, but I have to go."
And I jumped out.
Horrible, absolutely awful.
I want to tell you, however, that the vast majority of the people that we have to contact in that bridge are not successfully.
Also, those few who have jumped out of the bridge, and I lived and you can talk about it, that one percent of those people have said that the second one who left the dancer realized that they had made a mistake and wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge not only connected Mario with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, is something that everybody and every one of us should strive to do to do.
Success can prevent you.
There's help. There is hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you be what you're not, but in your interior you know what you are, and a question makes you mark, how do you become that?
I have to be a single one in that sense, but I'm not alone, in any way I'm alone.
When I became a model I felt that I finally had achieved the dream that he had since a child.
My foreign finally agreed with my real inner truth, with my inner self.
For complicated reasons, I want to tell you later, when I look at this photo, I think, "Well, the George -- you get it, you get it.
But the past October, I discovered that I am just starting.
Our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the value of fighting, to get rid of the limitations imposed by the color of the skin or for the beliefs of who surrounded us.
They are people who always defy the status quo, which is considered accepted.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors, many of my neighbors, my agent even, ignored my story.
I think this riddle is called reversability.
This is mine.
They recorded me as a child when I was born because of the appearance of my genetics.
I remember my five years in the Philippines, in my house, I always wore this shirt in the head.
And my mom asked me, "Why do you always take that shirt in your head?
I said, "Mom, it's my hair. I'm a girl."
I knew then how to increase it.
The gender always has been considered a immune fact, but we now know that, actually, it's something more complex, mysterious, missing.
Because of my success, I never dare to share my story, not because I thought it will be a bad one, but why the world deals with those of us who want to liberate them.
Every day I appreciate being female.
I have mom, Dad and a family who accept me as I am.
Many are not so fortunate.
There's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of the gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There's a Hindu goddess of the inches.
And when I was eight, I was in a party in the Philippines who celebrated these mysteries.
I was in front of the stage, and I remember this beautiful woman appeared to me, and I remember that moment as if something goes back to me -- this is the kind of woman I wanted to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I still saw men, I met this woman called T.
It's the director of a convertent beauty pageant.
That night, she said, "Why don't you have involved in the beauty context?
He told me that if he participated she would take away from the species of inspiration and the vegetable, and that night, I won in the bathroom suit, and he got a third end between over 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was inside the world of beauty researchers.
Not a lot of people can say that their first work was from the beauty of beauty of beauty of beautiful women, but I can do.
I also met the goddess of the disappears, especially when we traveled to the remote provinces of the Philippines.
But most importantly, I met my best friends in that community.
In 2001, my mom, who had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they approved my study of the green card that could go to live to the U.S.
I was resist.
I told my mother, "Mommy, I'm getting fun.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty reside."
But then, two weeks later, he called me and said, "Do you know that if you move the U.S., you can change the name and the identity of gender.
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested to me that I put two and my name.
She also accompanied me when I was operating in Thailand at the age of 19.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities of Thailand they do more prestigious and sophisticated surgeries and secure.
At that time, in the U.S., it was necessary to make surgery before we changed the name and gender.
So in 2001, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driver's license with the name George and the German gender G.M.
It was a great moment.
For some people, their document of identity means to be able to drive or be able to get a trick, but for me was the license to live, to feel dignificant.
Suddenly, my fears saw misinged.
I felt that I could take my dream and move to New York, and be a model.
Many are not so fortunate.
I think of this woman of May Silicon Netron.
A young woman in New York who lived his truth, but he showed up finally to his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live in.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
Every 20 of November, we make a global virus for the Commander of the Transishes.
I'm on this stage thanks to a long story of people who fight and stood in front of the injustice.
This is Marsha P. Johnson and Sylvia Rivers.
Today, right now, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame, no fear.
I'm here, exposing me, so that one day there are no longer over 20 in November.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
Will you do it?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  KT: Genetic, a quick question.
George Rockett: Sure. See first, thank you with all my genes.
To my present network, my parents especially, to my family, who is very strong.
I remember all the times I've been attending young women who have come to young women who have done, and sometimes when they called me and told me that their parents couldn't accept it, I took the phone, called my mom and said, "Mommy, can you call this woman?
Sometimes it works, others. It's just gender identity, that's what is in the center of what we are, right?
That is, we all get a gender to birth, and what I try to do is put on the table the topic that sometimes that non-lethal submit -- and there should be a space that allowed people to be able to authenticate and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The transgender movement is beginning compared to gay motion.
There's still a lot of work to do.
It should have understood.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope that you all are my allies.
KS: Thank you. Very nice. MR: Thank you.
In many patriarchal societies and tribal societies, parents usually know about their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known for their daughter and I'm proud of it.
Malawi started his campaign for education by defending his rights in 2007, and when his efforts were sent in 2011, when his efforts were shocked in 2011, when the National Prize June was made very famous, a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, I was my daughter, but I'm now his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of humanity, the history of women is the story of injustice, of inequality, of violence and exploration.
You see, in patriarchal societies, just from the beginning when a child, his birth is not celebrating it.
It's not forget, not for his father, not for his mother.
The neighborhood comes to the mother and no one happiness to the father.
And a mother was overwhelmed by having a child.
When it gives birth to the first child, the first child, it gets sad.
When it gives birth to the second daughter, it consumes, and with the hope of a son, when he survives his third daughter, it feels guilty as a criminal.
Not only the mother is suffering, but the daughter. The daughter is born, when it grows, it suffers too.
At the age of five years, when I should go to school, it stays home and school embraces his brothers.
Up to 12 years old, in some sense, has a good life.
It can be fun.
It can play with your friends on the street, and you can move through the streets like a butterfly.
But when you go into the adolescence, when he turned 13 years old, he was provided to go out of his house without a male approach.
It's confined to the four walls of his home.
It's not a free person.
It becomes the so-called honor of his father and his brothers and his family, and if you swallow the code of that honor question, I could even kill it.
And it's interesting that this conference of honor, not only affects the life of a kid; it also affects the lives of male members of the family.
So this brother, sacrificed the joy of his life and happiness of his sisters in behalf of the honor course.
And there's one more norm of patriarchal societies called obesity.
A good girl must be very so quiet, very humble and very support.
It's the critical.
The model of a good girl must be quiet.
It's supposed to be silent and accepts the decisions of their father and mother and the decisions of the elderly even if you don't want to.
If you marry it with a man who doesn't like or if you marry it with an old man, it has to accept it, because it doesn't want to be a density of dense.
If you have a very young, you have to accept it.
Otherwise, they call it dense.
And what happens to the end?
In words of a poet: "The Harry, they finally, and then gives birth to more children and daughters."
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, including the same lesson of obesity to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to their children.
And this vicious circle continues and continues.
You loved brothers and sisters, when I first was born Malaya, and for the first time, believe me, I didn't like the newborns, to be honest, but when I was there and looked at his eyes, believe me, I felt extremely honored.
And a lot before I was born, I thought about his name, and he was fascinated with a literary fight of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malary from Madagascar, and I called my daughter so for her.
But when I looked, they were all men, and I grabbed my pen, and I got a line of my name, and I wrote, "Mary."
And when she grew older, when I was four and a half years old, I admired her in my school.
You might wonder, why should I mention the administration of a girl in a school?
Yeah, I must mention it.
You can give it for granted in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in poor countries, in the patriarchal societies, in tribal societies, it's a great event for child life.
In a school means the recognition of its identity and his name.
An admissions to school means that he has entered the dreams of dreams and aspirations, where it can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks earlier, when I was built the Canadian vision form, and I was in the relative part of the family, I couldn't remember the speakers of some of my sisters.
And the reason was that I had never seen my sisters of my written sisters in any document.
That's why I value my daughter.
What my father couldn't give my sisters and his daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the sacrefformun of my daughter.
I used to sit with me when my friends came to me.
I encourage you to go to different meetings.
And all of these values, I've tried to get involved in their personality.
And this was not just for her, just for Malaya.
I've spent all these good values in my school to girls and boys alike.
I used education for participation.
I taught my daughters, I teach students, to forget the lesson of objectivity.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called soldier.
Warned brothers and sisters, we fought for more rights for women, and fighting to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights and particularly for women's rights.
It was called talent.
That means a complete denial of women in all political activities, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
Girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use candles and stopped going to markets.
The musicians were silent, the girls tied and the sandwiched singers.
They suffer millions, but a few they talked about, and it was terrifying to have these people who kill and read when you talk for their rights.
It's really frightening.
At the age of 10 years, Malaya got up and got up on the right to education.
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog, offered herself for the New York Times documentaries and talked in every platform I could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It's spread as a climate around the world.
And that was the reason why the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign and on October nine of October 2012, they shot in the head.
It was a fatal day for my family and me.
The world became a great black hole.
While my daughter was discussing between life and death, I whispered to the ear to my wife, "Should I blame what happened to my daughter, your daughter?
And especially he said, "Please, don't blame you.
It defined the right cause.
They put your life in play by the cause of the truth, for the cause of peace, and by the cause of education, and your daughter is inspired in you and you joined you.
They were both on the right path and God protected?
These few words meant a lot to me, and I didn't wonder again.
When Malary was in the hospital, and he had severe headaches and strong headaches because his facial nerve was cut, I used to see a dark shadow that was spread through the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained, though.
I used to tell you, "I'm well with my smile stream and the excitement in my face.
I'm good. Please don't worry.
It was a consensus for us, and we were considered.
You know, brown brothers and sisters, we've learned from it how to resist at the most difficult moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for the rights of children and women's rights, it's like any 16-year-old girl.
I cried when he didn't just take his homework.
He fights with his brothers, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What special in my tutor has done so audacious to Malary so brave and express and economic?
I tell you, don't ask me what I did.
Ask me what I didn't do.
I don't cut your wing, and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I was operating from the brain about 18 years ago, and since that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I'm engineering.
And I want to tell you that I recently joined the Moore's group of Google, where I've had a divide to my charge, the visualization of Google X, but all the work I talk today about the science of the brain, I did it before I joined Google or outside my work there.
Having said this, there's a stigma when you go to an operation of brain.
You keep being equal or not?
It's not going to be so smart?
After the self-destruction, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't gray matter, but it was the sticky part of the center that creates important hormones and neuroscience.
And immediately after the operation, I had to decide how much to take, from more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if it didn't take anything, die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about combinations and mixing chemicals and trying to get them, to follow life.
More than one time I've been spared for a little bit.
But fortunately, I have an experimental soul, so I decided to experience to try to get the optimal doses because there really isn't a clear map that will say it in detail.
I started testing with different mixes and I was surprised by seeing how little changes in the doses changed dramatically my authority, my sense of who I was, my way of thinking, my behavior with others.
A particularly impressive case for a few months, I tried doses and typical chemicals for a severe man, and I was surprised by seeing how my thoughts changed.
I was always unusual, I thought about all the time in sex, and I believed that it was the most intelligent person around the world, and --  -- of course, many times in the past I've met various types of lectures, or maybe some of the versions of the study.
It turned out as an extreme.
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be a transparent.
In fact, I was trying to, a lot of insecure to fix a problem that had the front, and it just didn't happen.
So I couldn't handle it.
It changed my dose.
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and what they have to go through -- since then I get better with men.
What I was trying to do is to adjust those hormones and neuroscience and so forth, it was to reclaim my intelligence after disease and operation, my creative thinking, my own ideas.
I tend to think almost always in pictures, and that became my key point of reference, how do I get those mental images that I use to create prototypes, my ideas, if you want to create new ideas and recreating situations and situations.
These kinds of thoughts is not new.
Philips like Humberto, Desabilities and Hobbes, look at things like this.
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing.
Today there are those who question this idea, and there are a lot of discussions about how the mind works. For me is simple: for most of us, mental imagery are fundamental for creative and inclusive thinking.
So after several years, I managed to find the point right now, and I have lots of great mental mosses, really virtual memories, very sophisticated and good structures.
Now, I'm working on how to take well quickly these mental images, my mind to the computer screen.
Do you imagine what happens if a movie director was able to use your imagination just to steer the world that has the front?
Or could a musician extract the music of your head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, like the way creative people can be shared at the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to make this is simply increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to getting to this with two recent experiments done by two destructed groups in neuroscience.
They both used MRI technology, image for functional magnetic resonance image, to represent the brain, here you can see the brain scan done by Girliam Ganges and his colleagues of Harvard.
The column on the left shows the scale of the brain of a person who looks at an image.
The media column shows the brain scan of the brain of that same individual while he imagined it, watching that same image.
The column on the right is created by destroying the contents of the central column of the bottom of the left, you see that the difference is almost note.
This is repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same picture is almost noise.
Now, let me show you another experiment. This is from Jack Galapago lab in Berkeley, California.
They managed to turn the brain waves in recent visual fields.
Let's put it in this way.
In this experiment, it showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while they were scanned their brains to create a huge deal of brain reactions in video sequences.
Then, I showed you a film with new images, new people, new animals, and while so much a new scan was recorded.
The computer is using only the brain information of the scanning school to show what seemed like the person was looking at.
On the right, you can see the computers of the computer, and on the left, the video I showed you.
This left us blood.
We're well close to doing it.
We only need to improve the resolution.
And now, remember that when you see an image, and when you imagine that same image, it is created in the brain the same map.
This was led to the brain scanning systems of higher resolution available today, and his resolution was increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do it?
There are a lot of techniques to do it.
One is to open the skull and put electrodes in.
I don't offer me for that.
Many of them are proposing new projection techniques for images, even I -- counting with the recent Restable result of the MRI -- first.
conventional wisdom says that the only way to get more resolution is with larger magnets -- but at this point, more grains are only offered small improvements in the resolution, not by thousands as we need.
I propose this idea: instead of larger magnets we make better magnets.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different arrangements.
And why does this matter?
Over the last few years, a large amount of effort at MRI were to make really big magnets to make magnets. Right?
However, most recent advances in research of ingenious and brilliant solutions in coding and decline, in the transmission and reconstruction requests of FM in the MRI systems.
At its time, instead of a united magnetic field, we use magnetic patterns that are structured to the FM radio frequencies from Framed.
So when you combine the magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FM radiation, we can actually increase the information that can be extracted in a single scanner.
Also, we can then divide in layers our growing knowledge about the structure of brain and memory to create the increase in the thousands we need.
When we use the IMF we should be able to measure not only the fluid of the open blood, but the of the hormones and neurotransmitters that I've mentioned and maybe even direct neural activity -- this is sleep.
We will be able to fly our ideas directly to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go above the language and communicate directly through the thinking?
What would we be able to do?
And how do we learn to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be irresistible to use it as tools to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Indeed, this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer's and similar disease.
We have a few choices more than opening this door.
However, do you take a year, happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that it will take a lot more.
We have to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you this night about coming out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay closet.
I think we all have armsterment.
Their closet, maybe to tell some person for the first time that the love or tell someone who's pregnant or tell someone who has cancer, or any other difficult conversation that you have been involved in life.
Everything is a tough conversation, and although our subjects can really vary through the experience of having lived and coming out of that closet is a universal thing.
Day fear, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
Many years ago, I worked at the South Side Walf California, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through several stages of the little little little bit of liberal military intensity, not to trace my armpits -- quote the letters of Anne D French as a legal.
And I will agree that for the supply of my short pants and my head was affected by my head recently, I would usually ask a small child, "Hey, are you guys or boy?
And it would be an uncomfortable silence on the table.
I would ask my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a garden leave.
The father would immediately hurt the newspaper, and the mother would launch a cold look at his son.
But I would not say anything, and I would be herder.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that the next time I would say something.
He would have that difficult conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
"Are you a guy or a girl?
A family silence, but this time I was prepared and I was about to enter the female issues on the table,  I had the quote from Betty Fried.
The Gloria Stepher quote.
Even a fragment of the "Vagina Monologues," which would show you.
And then I breathe up and I went down the look and my stores a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what is not a challenge for a feminist shell, just a girl with a question: "Are you guys or boy?
And I was going to breathe up again, and I set up the necks near her, and I said, "Hey, I know this is something considered.
I have the short hair like a boy, and I saw a boy, but I'm a girl, and you know, like you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajamas.
Well, I am more than the guy of a comfortable leg."
And that girl looked at me very quickly, paying attention, and he said, "My favorite skin is violent and it has a fish.
Can you give me a panel, please?
And that was everything. Just "Oh, OK. You're a girl.
What about the panel that I put?
It was the most easy conversation of everybody who ever had.
And why? Because the girl of the tank and I, both of us were honest one with the other.
Just as many of us, I've lived in some arts in my life, and yes, often, my walls used to be a rainbow.
But inside, in the darkness, you can't know what color are the walls.
You just know how one feels like living in a closet.
This is how my army is not different to your own or the Yours or the yours.
Surely, I will give you 100 reasons why to come out of my closet, it was harder than coming out of his, but this is the thing: the hard thing is not relative.
The hard is hard.
Who can tell you that explain to someone who has declared it in a broken bank is harder than saying that it's been stopped?
Who can tell you that this story that I count is more difficult than saying to your five years that you're going to diverside?
There's no more difficult, there's only the hard thing.
We have to stop changing what is hard about what it is difficult for someone else to make us feel better or worse in relation to our closet, and we should only feel empathy because we all live something hard.
At some point in our lives, we all live in armstripts, and you might make sense security, or at least more secure than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you, no matter what their walls are, a closet is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine himself 20 years ago.
I, who had a horse tail, a degree and high high-heeled shoes.
It wasn't the militant lesbian ready to fight any four year-old child to go into the coffee.
I was frozen by the fear, curled on a corner of my dark closet by pushing my great gay, and moving only a muscle is the most scary thing I've ever done.
My family, my friends, weird strangers that I've spent my entire life trying to do not to disappoint them, and now the world turned back to purpose.
I was burning the pages of a guide that we all have followed for so long, but if you don't launch that big, you kill you.
One of my most memorable landscape was in my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that many people between the guests knew that it was gay, and when I was doing my lion lady walls, in my black and tablets, I walked around the tables and finally I got to one where my parents were in my parents' friends, people who knew me about years ago.
And after speaking a moment, one of the women screaming -- "I love Nathan Langer."
And the gay relative battle had begun.
"All of a time you were in the Cashle?"
"Well, yeah, the truth is we have friends in San Francisco friends.
"Well, we've never gone there, but we've heard that it's fabulous.
"I mean, you know my Asian statement?
It's very good and never talked about having non-line."
So, what's your favorite TV program?
Our favorite program? Will and Greece.
And you know who loves us? Jack of Jack.
Jack is our favorite."
And then a woman, disconnected, but in hoping to show up his support, to make me know that I was on my side, finally he said, "Well, sometimes my husband's used shoes."
And I had an opportunity at that time, as they have all the great laboratories.
It might have been easy to indicate where they felt fewer.
It's not very hard to find them and realize the fact that they were providing it.
And what else can you ask someone, but work?
If you're going to be authentic.
It's like the hard conversations still without being my point.
Ask anyone who has come out.
But I'm getting better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Chinese girl.
Now, please see this through the gay perspective, but you understand that what it means to come out of any closet is essentially the same.
Number one: Be authentic.
Take the armor. Be yourself.
That girl in the cafe had no armor but I was ready for the battle.
If you want somebody to be generous, others must know that we also suffer.
Number two: Be straight -- I'll just give it to you. Rosaly your parks.
If you know they're gay, I'll tell you.
If you say your parents who might be gay, they would keep the hope that it could change.
They don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more important.  Let the complex ones.
You communicate your truth.
You never apologize for that.
And some of them can be safe wound, they break out for what they've done, but they never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some of you will feel disappointed, but that's something in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not you.
The only story that matters is what you want to write.
So next time you find yourself in a dramatic dark by putting a big, you must know that we've all been there before.
And you might feel very lonely, but they're not.
Thank you, Bono. Enjoy the legacy.
Intelligence, what is that?
If we look at the story of how intelligence has seen -- a productive example has been the famous quote of Edges Diamond that "The question of whether a machine can think is as interesting as the question of whether a submersible can be saved."
When Edgar Dicky wrote this as a critic to the personal pioneers like Alan Turkey.
And so, a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms of intelligence.
So let's go back a step.
We first start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that you are from an alien race, that you don't know anything about the biology of the Earth and the Earth neuroscience or the Earth intelligence or the Earth intelligence -- but they have incredible telescopes, and you can look at the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can see the Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as terrorists, we know that the reason would be that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you are from an alien race that you don't know about this, that it doesn't have any concept on the Earth intelligence, you would see forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how, to a certain time in time, the asteroids that show the surface of a planet mysteriously stop doing it.
And that's why I claim that this is the same question that we understand physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that I took a number of years ago, I analyzed a variety of themes through science, through various disciplines that were pointed out, I think, to a only underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology, for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be intimately suited for the development of intelligence, and in particular, for the development of universal states that maximize diversity of possible future.
Finally, in robotic movement, there have been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the freedom freedom of action in order to make complex tasks.
And so, taking all these different issues and putting them together, I ask you for a number of years now, is there an underlying mechanism for the intelligence that we can extract from all these different issues of all these different issues.
Is there only an equation for intelligence?
And I think the answer is yes. What you're looking at is probably the nearest equivalent of one and to me for the intelligence that I have seen.
So what you're seeing here is an assertion that intelligence is a force -- B, that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action, or maintain the open choices, with a force with the diversity of possible future accessible, yes, to an impending future time, tweet.
In a few words, intelligence doesn't like to stay stuck.
Intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and maintain the open options.
And so, having this equation, it's natural to ask: What can you do with this?
How predictable is it?
Do you predict the level of human intelligence?
Do you predict artificial intelligence?
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, show some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: Recent research in cosmology have suggested that the universes that produce more despair, or entrepreneur: during their life should have trends to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that technical cosmological connection between entropy and intelligence inspired a deeper relationship a deeper relationship.
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with the long-term entropy production, but actually emerges directly from it?
To find it, we've developed a software engine called England, designed to maximize the long-term entropy production in any system that is in the inside.
Amazingly, England could spend multiple animal intelligence tests -- play human games, and even earn money eating action, all of which would not have been invited to do that.
Here are some examples of England in action.
Like a few human foot without chaos, here we see England equilibrium automatically by using a cartoon.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave England a goal.
He just decided for his account to balance the position.
This balance skill will have applications for human robotics and human assistance technologies.
This capacity of tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
Also, just like some other animals can cooperate by pulling away from a rope at the same time to release food, here we see that English can perform a model of the model of that task.
This cooperation capacity has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields.
England is widely applicable to a variety of dominances.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a game of putting it against itself, illustrating its potential for play.
Here we see England orchestrated new connections in a social network where friends are constantly disconnected and maintained the well connected network.
This is the same capacity of network organization also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
Here we see England organize the routes of a ship block, discovering success and using the Panama Canal, to expand the global level of the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, England is widely applicable to problems in authority defense and logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see England spontaneously discover and to run a buryal strategy, very very very violent in a set of action negotiation -- successfully increasing the assets under its exponentially dense.
This risk of risk management will have broad applications in finance and safe.
Alex Girliams, what you have seen is that a variety of brands of contemporary cognitive human behaviors like tools use tools, walking upright and social cooperation, all of them derived from one equation, which leads to a system to maximize its future freedom of action.
Now, here's a profound irony.
Let's go back at the beginning of the use of the robot, the Rull Robert: there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines, there would be a cyber rebellion, there would be a cyber rebellion, there would be cyber receptors.
The machines would stay against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades, we've had the whole concept of cyber rebellion to investment.
It's not that machines first become intelligent and then drugs and that try to support the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse of taking control of all possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence, that general intelligence can actually arise directly from taking control, rather than being backwards.
Another important implication is the pursuit of the goal.
I often ask myself, how do you look for goals to get rid of this kind of frame?
My equivalent to that statement to go to the descendants to help help build artificial intelligence or to help us build artificial intelligence or help us understand human intelligence, is this: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the freedom freedom of action and avoid the constraints in its own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at a point of influence in human history, something between the confinement of stars and losing the planet we call "home!"
Although, in the last few years, we've expanded a lot of our knowledge of how the Earth fit in the context of the universe.
The Kepler mission of NASA has discovered thousands of potential planets orbiting other stars, which points that the Earth is only one between the billions of planets of our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the luminous laughter of stars when planets go through them, and they block a little bit of that light that gets us.
The data collected by Kepler show the sizes of planets besides the distance that there are between them and their stem star.
In ensemble, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and rocks like the Earth planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light they get from their sun.
At its time, this gives clues about whether these planets that we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, while we're finding this treasures of potentially harmony worlds, our own planet is driving under the weight of humanity.
The year 2014, it was the most hot record.
Glasses and ice sheets that have been with us from millennia, now are disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we've inflicted at the global scale have successfully outperformed our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a weather scientist, and I'm not a weather scientist, nor astronomy.
It studied the production of the planet influenced by stars, with hope to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that it looks for alien opportunities in the immersent sector.
Now, as somebody really interested in the search for life in the universe, I can tell you that the more Earth-like planets on Earth, more enjoying our own planet.
Every one of these new worlds invited a comparison between the planet recently discovered and the planets that we know better, our solar system.
Let's take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and rock, and despite being a little further from the Sun, you can consider a potentially habitable world shown this by a mission like the Kepler Mexico.
In fact, it is possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and in part, that's why we studied so much to Mars.
Our revolutions as the Cura ran its surface in search for clues about the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit the organization, like the MIT mission -- take samples of the Martian atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their production.
Private companies now offer not only short space flights but also the chance of living in Mars.
But even though all these Mars images remind us to the deserts of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with cutting-edge ideas and pioneer ideas, in comparison with Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the extension of the destructive areas of our planet that are still going to be collaborating really extraordinary places compared to Mars.
Even in the most dry and more elevated places on Earth, the air is fresh and release oxygen removed by our tropical forests at thousands of miles away.
I worry that this excitement for the colonization of Mars and other drag planets is a big and sad program," the implications and the belief of some that Mars would expect to save ourselves from this information of the only planet that we know is really harmone, the Earth.
For a lot that I like the interplanetary exploration, I'm in deep disagreement with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but say that Mars will be there to save humanity is like imagine that the captain of the Titanic will tell us that the participation of the truth will have place later in the wild boat.   Thank you.
But the goals for intellectual exploration, and the Earth's preservation is not contributed.
No, they're actually faces of the same coin, the goal of understanding and preserving and improve life in the future.
The extreme environments present in our world lights as extraterrestrial paradox.
Only you find it closer to home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in the hostile and the integral areas, maybe we can satisfy our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment -- the Fermi paradox.
Many years ago, the physicist Enrico Federa said, considering our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there are many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of alien life existence until now.
Well, where are you?
Well, a possible solution to the paradox of Fermi is that when civilizations become enough technologically advanced to consider to keep living between stars, they lose the notion of how important to protect the origin of planets that made this development.
It's arrogant to think that only interpersonal colonization will save ourselves from ourselves, but planetary preservation, and the interplanetary exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to encourage the hostile environments of Mars, for human presence, then we should be able to overcome the even easier task of preserving the skill on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I took my own home.
And while I was on the front porch looking at my pocket, I realized I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window they were at the dining table, where I had left them.
So quickly I tried to open all the other gates and windows and they were all well closed.
I thought about calling a learner, at least I had my cell phone, but in the middle, a letter could take a long time to come in, and I was cold.
I couldn't go home from my friend from Jeff to spend night because I had an early flight to Europe in the morning and I practiced my passport.
It would be expensive, but sure I wasn't cheaper than a learner to half a night, so I thought that despite the circumstances, it goes well forward.
I'm a professional neurology neuroscientist, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
He releases cortical liberation that increases heart rhythm, model the levels of adrenaline and note the thinking.
And when I got to the factory show in the airport, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a long time to think about that eight hours without sleep.
And I started asking myself, if there was something that could do, systems that could put in their place, that prevent bad things happen.
Or at least, if bad things happen, that minimize the probability of being a total catastrophe.
So I got to think about that, but until a month later, my thoughts didn't be critically.
I was dealing with my colleague Danny Kane, winning from the Nobel Prize, and a little embarrassed I was talking about I broke the window, and that I had forgotten my passport. And Danny shared with me who had been practicing something called a prospective retrospective.
It's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein, who had written from this a few years earlier, known as the pressure.
You know what the delay is.
Every time there is a disaster, a team of experts comes and tries to figure out what was wrong, right?
In the premature, as Danny explained Danny, you look forward and try to figure out all the things that could go wrong, next, try to figure out what can do to prevent things that are happening or to minimize the damage.
So what I want to talk about with you is some things that we can do in the form of a premature.
Some of them are original, others are not so evident.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
At home, it will make a place for things that are easily lost.
This sounds of common sense, and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this therapy, based on how our spatial memory works.
There's a structure in the brain called hypothesis, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a track of the location of important things, where the good one, where fish are, that drives the fruit trees, where the friends are living and the firefighters and the enemy tribes.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that is stuck in the Tambactees of London.
It's the part of the brain that allows the squirrel to find their nuts.
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment, they cut the official sense of the ships, and yet they could find their nuts.
They didn't use smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move much, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason for losing cars, reading and passenger glasses.
So at home, you get a place for keys, a hook along the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For your passport, a particular box.
For your reading glasses.
If you manage a place and you're cross-screening with it, your things will always be there when you look for them.
What about the journeys?
Take the cell phone, a picture of their credit cards, license to drive, passport, send it by email to themselves so that they're in the cloud.
If these things lose or steal them, this can facilitate sustainability.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, the brain releases coral.
The cortical is toxic and entrepreneur the thinking.
So part of the private practice is recognizing that under stress, we're not going to be at the best time, and you have to put the systems on its site.
And there's perhaps not more stressful situations that when you face in a medical decision.
And at some point, we're all going to be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical attention or the one of a loved being, to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'll talk about a very particular medical approach.
But this is erased as a prototype for all of medical decisions, and in fact for financial decisions and social decisions, any kind of decision that you have to take from a rational assessment of the facts.
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I've got the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little high."
Everybody knows that the high cholesterol is associated with a higher risk of cardiovascular diseases, attack the heart, breakthrough brain.
So you're thinking that having the high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says, "I'd like to prescribe a drug that will help you reduce the collection, a station."
And maybe you have heard about the statistics, and you know that it's one of the most recycled drugs in the world today, even it's likely to know people who take them.
So you think, "Yes, I rest the statement."
But there's a question that you have to do then, a statistic that has to ask that most physicians don't want to talk about, and pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for the NASA, the number needed to treat.
And what is this, the NSA?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or make a surgery in any medical processing before they help one person.
And you should think what kind of described statistics is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor would not record something if it wasn't going to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not a doctor, and if it's a blame of somebody, it's scientists like me.
We haven't understood very well the underlying mechanisms.
But the Muslim estimates that 90 percent of drugs works only 30 to 50 percent of people.
So the number needed to treat the most widely recorded state, what do you think it is?
How many people have to take it before they help a person?
300.
This according to the research of cynical researchers Jeremy Crown and Pamela Harvard, independently confirmed by Blackban.
I was exploring the numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before you avoid a single heart attack, brain spill or another adverse event.
Now maybe you think, "Well, one chance in 300 to go down my cholesterol.
Why not not? Tell me the recipe anyway.
But then you have to ask for a more statistics, and is, "How about second-like effects. Yeah?
For this particular drug, the secondary effects are produced by five percent of patients.
And those include terrible things: profitable pain pain and articulate pain, restrogging pain, but now you think, "The five percent is not very likely to happen to me, still taking the medicine.
But a moment.
Remember that under stress don't think clearly.
So you think about how to scan this over time, so you don't have to make the reasoning chain in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped it, five percent of the 300 have secondary effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to go away from the drug that help you the drug.
I don't say they should or not take the station.
I just say they must have this conversation with your doctor.
The medical ethic needs it, it's part of the private consent principle.
We have right to have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take risks or not.
Maybe you're thinking that I've launched this number in the air by the value of the crash, but actually this number needed to treat is quite typical.
For surgery that it is done in the men over the age of 50, extraction of the prostate cancer, the number needed to treat is 48 dollars.
That's what it is, 49 surgeries for one person who has helped it.
And high effects in that case are produced by 50 percent of patients.
Those include the importance or erectile dysfunction, urinary influence, straight frame, fecal inclusion.
And if you get lucky, and it's one of that 50 percent of the effects just last year or two.
So the idea of pressure is to think about time the questions that you can plan to make the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all of this in the act.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have an option a lot of times, you want a shorter life of pain, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain to the end?
These are the things that they talk about and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
You can change opinion in the heat of the moment, but at least you're trained in this kind of thinking.
Remember, our brain releases coral under stress, and one of the things that happens at that moment is that a lot of systems are popping up.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Face to face with a predator -- it's not necessary the digestive system, or the list or the immune system, because if the body is spending the metabolism in those things, it doesn't react with rapidly. They could be the lunch of the lions -- so none of that matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that go through the window during those moments of stress is the rational thinking -- like Danny Kanera and his colleagues have shown.
So we have to train to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we're all defenses.
We're all going to fail sometimes.
The idea is to think of the future how they could be those factors to put the systems in the place that will help us minimize the damage, or to prevent bad things in the first place.
Reporting at the night of snow in Montreal -- when I came back from my journey, my contractor inspired me a combination of combination along the door, with a key of the door in the same -- an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of cards that I haven't ordered and lots of email messages that I haven't read.
So I'm not very organized, but I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: Pink, here's my favorite musical symbol.
It means playing surrounded.
If you're playing a musical instrument, and you see a "financial instrument in the path, you need to touch more surrounded.
Two and even more gentle.
Four -- extremely gentle.
This is my drawing of a term of a sun, you see it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of it may have never come to a complete silence.
That's my definition of silence," a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system, the Allie, besides a little bit of my own story.
The French sign language came in the 1800s, and over time, it mixed with local signs, and it developed the language that we know as Alama.
So it has a story of about 200 years old.
I was born deaf, and I was taught to believe that sound wasn't a part of my life.
And I believed it was true.
However, I now realize that it's not true for anything.
Sound sounds are a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
As a person who lives in a world of sound, it's like I lived in a foreign country, following blindly its rules, consumers, behaviors and rules without questioning them.
So how do you understand the sound.
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my alternatives and amplified the sound.
Learning and copied that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sound, and I've seen how people respond to it.
So I learned, for example.
"Don't read the door."
"Don't make a lot of noise when you eat the bag of the card of the crazy papers."
"Don't enjoy, and when you're eating you, I would not throw the covers on the dish.
All of this is called the sound tag there."
Maybe I think of the sound tag more than the average person does it.
I'm a survival of the sounds.
And I'm always waiting for the sound -- the sound, about which it's going to come next.
From there, this drawing.
TED -- to decide.
TED, for continuing.
TDO, for ads.
You can see that the pigeon has no notes on the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sounds through subtle business and garage.
In the deaf, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the signal sign in the AlS.
A typical shooting has five lines.
However, for me, doing the self with my thumb that doesn't feel natural.
That's why in my drawings, I only have four lines in the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic resident there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painter.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries and as I went from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was the trend and that was called the attention.
There was no visual art, everything was hearing.
Now the sound has entered my territory of art.
Is it going to distance me more than art?
I realized that it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it doesn't only experience through the ears.
I can feel a tactile way, or experience it visually, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the property of sound and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And everything that had taught me in terms of sound, I decided to leave it and describe it.
I started to create a new body of work.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention that I got.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control, social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that sound was a late, it was something from a person who was heard.
And the sound is so powerful that well it could be provided to me and my artistic work, or I could help me.
I chose that I was empowerment.
There's massive culture around the spoken language.
And just because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, the eyes of society is as if it didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me in the same way and turn into my voice.
And so I am able to be relevant in the current society.
So in school, in work and institutions, I work with many different performers of Allie.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be listening.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, when I asked to borrow their voices, I am able to maintain a temporary form of value -- something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If I'm not going to continue with this practice, I feel that it could be made in oblivion.
So with sound as my new artistic environment, I was deep in the music world.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between the music and the Alzheimer.
For example, a musical note can not capture and express in the paper.
And the same thing can tell you about a concept in Alama.
The two are very spatial and highly modified that means subtle changes can affect all the meaning both of the signals as the sounds.
I'd like to share you a metaphor of the piano, so you understand better how the AlSo works.
So, imagine a piano.
The Alzheimer's divide in many different geometric parameters.
If you add a different parameter for every finger while the piano is played, like facial expression, the body of the body, the speed, the shape of your hand, and so while the piano is played, English is a linear language, like only one keyboard at the same time.
However, the Alpha is more like a card, you need 10 fingers in a simultaneous way to express a clear concept or idea in Allie.
If only one keyboard would change the string, create a completely different meaning.
The same thing happens with music in terms of tone and market and volume.
In Alama, by using these different geometrical parameters, you can express different ideas.
For example, the signal sign in that."
This is the signal sign in that."
I'm looking at you.
Look at it.
Oh, I was caught.
He did.
What are you looking at?
Oh, so ...
So I got to think, and if I see the AlSo through the lenses of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeated it over and over again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the sign of "D: the sun comes out and it gets over.
This is all day."
If I repeat it and reduce speed -- visually, it looks like a musical piece.
All day.
I feel the same thing can say from all the night."
"All night.
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to thinking about three different types of nights: "Jane: "The night --  "All night ..."
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed in Alama and how the distance to the body can express changes over time.
For example, one hero. It's a hand, two -- it's two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body, and the past is on the back.
So the first example is a long time ago.
Then, "Hall "a "stop and the last one, which is my favorite -- with a very romantic and dramatic idea at the same time, "Once "Once "Once was once."
Common time is a musical term with a specific rate of four times by companies.
However, when I see the word "moment" I think automatically I think at the same time.
Look at MD: Hands right, Miser, left hand.
We have the pill through the head and the chest.
(Machine: M, "forest "for "spinal "Moment" -- "My Come from the fish -- I'm going to show you a form of your hand called "stop garage."
Can you do it with me?
All of them in high hands.
Now we're going to do it both in your head like the chest, something like a common time or at the same time.
Yeah, very good.
That means "good in the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs around the world.
The second one I'd like to show you is this. Please do it with me again.
And now this.
It means "colony" in the AlS.
Now, the third. Please show me again.
And again.
It's limited in the AlS.
We're going to make the three together.
"Learn, "colony and limitation."
Good job.
Notice how the three signs are very similar. They all occur on the head and the chest, but they transmit very different meaning.
It's amazing to see how the Alzheim is alive and properled, like music.
However, today, we live in a very auntheral world.
And just because the AlSe doesn't have sound, automatically it has no social value.
We have to start to question what the social value defines and allow the AlSo to develop its own value, without sounds.
And this could be a step to make a society more inclusive society.
And maybe people understand that they don't have to be deaf to learn Alama. You don't have to hear music.
The AlSo is a rich trove and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open the eyes, to participate in our culture and experience from our visual language.
And you never know, they can even fall out of us.
Thank you.
Dense Karan: Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents told me, "You can find it all, but then you have to clean it up.
freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in an innocent bubble or an ignorance bubble must say, because adults lie to protect us from the horrible truth.
When I get older, I learned that adults also stress and they're not very good for cleaning the ones of others.
Last time, I'm now adult and teaching citizens and invention in Hong Kong.
You don't have to wait very much for my students to walk through the beach of the beach with lots of trash.
So as good citizens, we clean the beaches, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if it is, I didn't give it to.
It's sad to say, but more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's a strange thing.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big burst and networks, to collect those plastic chunks to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and collect this information in a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive, and it's also very risky to use those huge boat.
So along with my students, with six to 15 years old, we are going to be able to invent a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
We started building this work of advance with adaptive altitude so that the very low children can also participate.
And I'll tell you, children who manipulate electrical tools are great, secure tools.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to plastic.
We collect the plastic and we reduce it to the size that we found it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragility.
That's what we do.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas in every child and try to combine them into something that we hope that works.
We decided that instead of collecting pieces of plastic plastic, we just collect information.
Through the use of a robot, we take an image of this plastic -- children are really excited about robots.
Then we quickly created what we call a protocell."
We're so fast in creating prototypes that we end before lunch.
And we transform lamps and chambers in accessories and we assemble it in a floating robot that will slowly move through the water and the plastic we have there, and this is the picture captured by the robot.
We see the pieces of plastic floating slowly through the sensor as the computer of the onboard process processing this image and measure the size of every particle, to get an approximate estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We documented this invention step on a website for inventors called "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "Intervenies," with the hope that somebody best even more.
The great thing in this project is that students saw a local problem, and boom, they're trying to solve it immediately.
I can investigate my local problem: but my students at Hong Kong are very well informed.
You see the news, they get the Internet, and they took this image with this picture.
A child, maybe less than 10 years old, cleaning an oil spill, just using the hands, in Sunardal, the largest mangrove forest in the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that drink -- it's the water that they base, the water where they find, the place where they live.
You can also see that the water is brown and the mud and the oil are also brown of brown color, and when everything is mixing, it's very difficult to see what there is in the water.
But there's a simple technology called specialist, which allows you to see what is in the water.
We built a first prototype of an experiment that can help through all kinds of substances that produce different species, which can help identify what is in the water.
We took this prototype with a sensor and we send it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or analyzing a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children.
I can investigate a problem at the distance of the distance and I was forced to do a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little bit further -- maybe to address a more difficult problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half a favor and half French and maybe remember, in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that there was several giant waves, called the tsunami, and those tsunami destroyed various cities on the coast of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in a second.
It also gives the nuclear power plant, a nuclear center near the water.
And today, according to the reports an average of 300 tons are still leaking out of the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, all the Pacific Ocean has transparent pollution traces for a center.
If we go to the west coast, we can measure Fukushima radiation everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of the time, it looks like sure, it's blue.
Well, reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've gone back to Fukushima every year from the accident and research in an independent way with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to take children.
Of course, we don't take them, the parents didn't allow them.
But every night we inform the control center, you see the use of different mask.
It might seem like they didn't have the work seriously but they did it because they're going to have to live with radiation all their life.
Along with them we discussed the data collected that day and we talked about what we were going to do later, the strategies, the Indus, etc.
And to do this, we created a traditional map of the region around the nuclear energy plant.
We created the elephant map, we introduced pages to represent data in real time of radiation, and we sprinkle water to simulate rain.
With this we could notice that the radioactive dust was filtered from the top of the mountain to the right system and weaponds in the ocean.
It was an approximate estimate.
But based on this organizing civil expedition -- the closest to the nuclear center to date.
We went up to five miles away from the nuclear center, and with the aid of fishing fish of the area we were collecting the sea milk sediments with a sediment tracking as we invented and built.
Here's a progression, we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it has been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open source technologies and very simple source technologies.
But at the same time, it has been more and more frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even begun trying to solve the problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways to do all these things.
So the classroom became a little bit small so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and we turned it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's at the Hong Kong Center, and it's a place where we can work with wood -- metal, chemistry, a little biology of optical biology, basically you can build almost all there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where children dreams can actually come back with adult aid, and where adults can be children again.
Students: acceleration." Accoppination."
Certaine Harvard," we ask questions like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or, can we help in mobility of advanced age population transforming its standard wheelchair chairs in new electrical vehicles in new electric vehicles.
Plastic, oil and radiation are terrible, but the worst legacy that we can leave our children are lying.
We can't afford to protect children from the awful truth because we need their imagination to invent the solutions.
So, scientific citizens, creatures, sponsors, we have to prepare the next generation to care about environment and people, and so that it can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twins, two radically opposite cultures.
One is made from thousands of pieces of steel, the other one of a single story of silk.
One of them is synthetic -- the other organization.
One is imposing on the environment, the other one creates it.
One is designed by nature, the other one for it.
Michelangelo said that when he looked at the brother in the brother, he saw a figure that fights for being free.
The city was a single monitor of Michelangelo.
But living creatures are not completed.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, the cells, we take all the information it takes it for every cell to work and replicate, to replicate.
The tools also have consequences.
At least from the Industrial Revolution, the design world has been dominated by rules of manufacturing and production in mass.
The assembly lines have dictated a world made of parts of parts of the imagination of designers and architects to think of their objects as a self-degree assembly of different parts with different functions.
But you don't find an assemblage of material materials in nature.
Think of human skin, for example.
Our facial skin skins are thin broken by parades.
The skin skins are more thick with little ports.
You act primarily as a filter, the other main as a barrier, and yet it's the same skin, there's no parts, no solidarity.
It's a system that is gradually worth its functionality through the variation of epidemic.
Here's a divided screen that represents my view of the divide world, the double personality of every designer and architecture to work right between the tapes and the gene, between the machine and the organization, between selection and growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and synthesis, is shown in the two screens after me.
My work, at its simplest level, tries to join these two visions of the world, moving away from assembly and approaching growth.
You probably ask yourself, "Why now?
Why wasn't this possible 10 or even five years ago?
We live in a very special moment in history, a weird moment, where they confirmed four disciplines that offer to designers access to tools that we never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I created.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We designed objects, products, structures and tools through scales -- a large scale, like this robotic arm with a 24-year-old agenda with a verbish basis that some day not very far far to print the entire buildings and graphs to nanoscale made of genetically engineered microscopes that shine in the dark.
Here's the cell here, an archetype of the ancient Arab architecture, and has created a screen where every aperture is a unique size to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explored the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt -- this was for a fashion department from Paris with Iran van Herband. It's like a second skin made from one piece, ridiculous in the counters, flexible around the waist.
Together with 3D printing collaborator, we print this layer and fall 3D without costs between cells, I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combine stiff materials and soft materials in the resolution of 20 minutes.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a Christian scanner.
That designers have access to this high resolution of high resolution and synthetic instruments allow to design products that adapt not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues as well.
We also designed an acoustic chair, a chair at the structural time, comfortable.
Professor Carter -- my collaborator, we went back to nature to inspire us, and by designing this property of surface surface, it becomes a self-defense.
We printed this surface of 44 different properties that vary in stiffness and optical and color, running the pressure points in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature, varies its functionality not through the addition of another material or another assembly self-determination, but seeing continuously and deliberately the material property.
But is it the ideal nature?
There are no parts in nature?
I didn't get raised in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories of the Hebrew Bible, and one of them came to me and actually define a lot of what matters me.
Like she relates: "In the third day of creation, God sends the Earth to grow a fruit tree from frustrational fruit."
For that first frugal tree, there was no difference between trunk, branches and leaves and fruits.
The whole tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land made growing trees with branches with branches and corresponds, streams and flowers.
The Earth created a world made of parts.
I often ask myself, "What would design be if objects were made from a single piece?
Are we going to go back to a better state of creativity?
So we look for the biblical material, the kind of material of the bureaucratic tree with fruit and we found it.
The second most abundant bubble on the planet is called a liquid, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, crab, collaborations and butterflies, and butterflies, and butterflies, and butterflies, and butterflies, and butterflies, and butterflies, and butterflies, and butterflies, and butterflies, and butterflies, and butterflies, and butterflies, and butterflies, and butterflies, and butterflies, and butterflies, and butterflies, and butterflies, and butterflies, and butterflies, and
We thought that if we can tune their property, we could generate multicultural structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it legal marine.  We asked a lot of scales of shrimp, we moved them and produce supermarket steps.
Seeing chemical connectivity, we've been able to achieve a wide range of properties from dark, hard and opaque, to light, soft and transparent.
To print the structures at a large scale, it built a system with multiple routine scores of extraction that are politically controlled extraction.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these man-made structures made from one material one material -- 100 percent recycled.
When the pieces are ready, they let them dry them to find a natural way to contact with air.
So why do we keep designing properties?
Air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process was used to contain photosynthesis microbial microbes that came for the first time on the planet three billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we built the bacteria genetically designed to capture very rapidly to capture the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition without the problems of beams to mesh, and if it gets even more, to windows.
A broken tree of fruit crossed.
Working with an ancient material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water, and with a little synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of scales of shrimp in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here's the best part: for objects designed for biological, put in the sea, feed the marine life, and put on the floor, help grow a tree.
The fire for our next exploration using the same principles of design was the solar system.
We look for the possibility of creating clothes to maintain life for interpersonal travel.
To do that, we should be dominating bacteria and control their flow.
So as the periodic table, we made our own team of elements, new forms of life created automatically manufactured and advanced in biological form.
I like to think of synthetic biology as liquid allow, only instead of making perfect metals -- they synthesize new biological functionality inside very small channels.
This field is called microbial microbes.
We printed our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothes, two microbial computers.
The first is the civilian.
It lives in our oceans and in the freshwater stores.
And the second two, E, color, the bacteria that was in the human intestine.
One turns the light in sugar, the other consumption of sugar and produces useful biofuels for the built environment.
But these two microscopes don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothes.
Think about it as evolution, not by natural selection, but evolution for design.
To contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract -- which will help you flow these bacteria and they tie their function of path.
So we started to grow those channels in the human body, watching the properties of the material according to the functional function.
If we wanted more photosynthesis, we designed more transparent channels.
This political digestive system is going to be about one end to another, 60 meters.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our repeated gut.
And here it is, as a primate at TED, our first political feminarist, bright liquid channels with life inside the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Sellin said, "We are creatures past fashion alone, only half is done.
What if design would provide the other half?
What if we could create structures that increase living matter?
What if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, repair the damaged tissue.
Think about this as a way of editing biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
For now, you know that a 3D printer is printed in layers.
You also know that nature does not do it like this.
It grows. I added association.
This calculating calculator, for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home within which we moment.
Not additive manufacturing is about this level of sophistication.
It does it by combining not two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations in different concentration.
One acts as structure, the other one is the glue or the matrix, by putting those fibers together.
And it happens through scales.
The silk worm first goes in the environment, creates a tension structure, and then it starts to have a copy of compression.
Tension and compassion, the two forces of life, are manifest in a single material.
In order to understand better how this complex process works, we glue a small magnet to the head of a silk worm to the sky.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of dots in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the silk worm.
However, when you put silk worm on a flat party, not inside a box, we realized that he slipped a flat calculating and still metaboling safe.
So we started designing different environments and different animals, and we've discovered that the shape, the composition of the captain, is transmitted directly by the environment.
They often get silk worms to death inside their captains, their silk gets rid and used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these laptops, we can shape the raw silk without having a single captive.
They will be mortality, and we could create these things.
So we escalate this process to architectural scale.
We had a hyper-consumed robot making silk plants, and we put on our site.
We knew that silk worms to more dark and cold areas -- so we used a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we created holes or open, to block the rays of light and heat, destroying silk worms on the structure.
We were prepared to get the surgery.
We asked 6,000 silk worms to a silk farm farm.
And after feeding them four weeks, they were prepared to swing with us.
We put them carefully on the bottom edge of the analytic, and as they were soldiers, they crashed, they started, they put eggs, and life begins again, like us, but much, much more short.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the big integrity, and it was right.
At the history of biological silk on the skin of the sky robotically, they give all this pavilion their integrity of it.
And over two or three weeks, 6,000 silk worms take 65,000 miles.
In a curious symmetry -- this is also the length of the Silk route.
The moths after the element, they produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 extra pavilions in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A silk shoulder through a robotic arm, the other one filled empty.
If the last frontier of design is to provide life to products and buildings that surround us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers have to join these two visions of the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at first.
Here's a new era of design, a new era of creation, which leads to a design inspired in nature to a nature inspired in design, which demands us, for the first time, to make nature of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Raise your hand if you've ever asked them, "What do you want to be of the bigger."
If you had to remember what age did you have when you asked them for the first time this?
You can show it with the fingers.
Three. Five. Three. Five. Five.
Now, raise your hand if you ask the question, "What do you want to be?
They have caused some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who could never answer the question, "What do you want to be?
The problem wasn't that I didn't have any interest, but I had too much.
In school, I liked the English, the materials and the art and developed websites and developed websites, and I played the guitar in a punk band called Telecommunication Frustrian.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And generally I like to test and persist anyway, for having spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time this sense of adult, this sense of this is no longer a challenge, it comes to me.
And I have to leave it.
But then I get interested in something else, something totally different, and I'm going to get up in it, and let me absorb and feel "Yeah! I've found the month -- and then again this point where I start to be advanced.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I would like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to go on that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first one was because I wasn't sure how it was going to turn all this into a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, to deny all my other passions and refuse to be advanced.
Another reason why I got so much anxiety was a little bit more personal.
I worried that there was something wrong about this, and something bad in me not to define at all.
I was worried to have fear to compromise, or being dispersed or astronaut or my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I would like to ask you something that I would like to have done then.
Ask itself, where they learned to allocate the meaning of bad or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it, they learned from culture.
You ask ourselves first "What do you want to be?
When we have about five years old.
And the truth is that nobody cares about what you have at that age.
An naive issue is considered to provoke cute answers in children like, "Be an anti-gamp or "I want to be diagnosis."
They insert the disappearing of Halletti here.
This question takes us over and over again as we grow in different ways, for example, of high school students that are asking them to choose in college.
And at some point, "What do you want to be?
It happens from being the cute exercise of before it takes the dream.
Why?
Although this question inspired kids to dream with what they might be, I don't inspire to dream with everything they could be.
In fact, it does just the opposite, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't answer with 20 different things, but you can't answer with 20 different things, but you may well come and say, "Oh, what I lie, but you can't be artistic of violent and psychology.
You have to choice."
This is Dr. Bob Chiles -- and he is artistic and psychology.
And this Amy New, magazine editor, converted in illustration, entrepreneur, professor and creative director.
But most children don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is they're going to have to choose it.
But it's more than that.
The notion of life focused is very uncomfortable in our culture.
It's this idea of fate, or the real advantage, the idea that every one of us has something to talk about in this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But what if you're somebody who isn't connected in this way?
What if there are a lot of different issues that wake up their curiosity and many different things that want to do?
There's no place for someone as one in that frame.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that you don't have a goal.
And feel there's something wrong with you.
There's nothing wrong in you.
You're a multiplate.
A multi-material is somebody with many interests and creative activities.
It's a box for it to say.
It could help if you divide in three parts: multiple potential and power.
You can also use other terms that connect the same idea, like architect, reserve.
During the time of the Renaissance, the ideal was who was well seen in multiple disciplines.
Barbary Sherberg refers to us as "strangers."
They use any term you like or invent your own.
It seems like a species of adapting to a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It's easy to see multiplace as a limitation or a woe that you should be self-defense.
But what I've learned talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are huge strengths to being like this.
Here's three cultural superheroes.
One: the synthesis of ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and the creation of something new in the intersection.
Shanghai Hanadama and Rachel Binuea expressed their interests shared in particular, visualization of data, travel, math and design, by running Messel.
Mexico is a company that creates geographically inspired jewelry.
Shaw and Rach came up with this unique idea for his eclectic mix of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in intersections.
That's where new ideas.
And the multiples, with all their antennae, can access a lot of these data points.
The second multi-live music is fast learning.
When the drugs are interested in something, we go to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We're wired to be principle, for having been a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less afraid of testing new things and coming out of our comfort zones.
Many skills are reassuring other disciplines, and we bring everything we've learned to every new area that we put on, so we rarely start from scratch.
Norman DNA is a full-time journey and written written travel.
As a pianist girl perfect an incredible ability to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest mechanical mechanical mechanical.
Before it became written, Norway was financial planners.
He had to learn the most fine sales mechanics when he started his practices, and this ability helps him write compelling launch for editors to take.
It rarely is a waste of time to tell what you get to you, even if at the end of the end.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you could not have predicted.
The third multi-live muscle is adaptability. It's the ability to transform into anything that is needed in a given situation.
Abe Carding is sometimes director of videos, others designer, websites, sometimes collaborated from Kickstarter, sometimes teacher, and sometimes apparently, James Bond.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He's even more valuable because it can take different roles depending on the needs of their customers.
The Fast Company magazine defined adaptability as the most important skill for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and incredibly that they're the individuals and organizations that can be able to be able to maintain the needs of the market, which will actually thrive.
Sensing ideas, fast learning and adaptability, three skills where the drugs are very hard, and three skills that could be lost if they are prepared to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a big interest to foster the drugs to be themselves.
We have complex, multimedial problems right now, and we need creative creative thinkers to cope with them.
Let's say they are, in your heart, specialists.
They came out of the wine knowing because they wanted to be pediatric neuroscience.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong in you either.
In fact, some of the best teams are made of a specialist, a mortality multiple.
Specialist can dive deep and put in practice ideas, and the multinational offers a amplitude of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that harmony with the way we are connected.
And, unfortunately, the multiple multiples are encouraged to simply be more like their specialized mates.
Once I said this, if there is one thing that you take from this talk, I hope it will be this: you reconcile with the inner shell, whatever it is.
If you're a heart specialist, then especially for all media.
That's where you will give the best of you.
But for the drugs in the room, including those who just realize being one of them in the last 12 minutes --  I say, reconcile with their many passions.
They follow their curiosity.
They explore the interactions.
Embracing our inner wiring leads to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most importantly, multiple, the world needs us.
Thank you.
In 1981, a woman called Audience was taken to a psychiatric in Francisco.
Audience was defined and unable to remember even the most basic details of their life.
His doctor was called Allen.
Allen didn't know how to help Auschwitz, but he was flying for it until that, unfortunately, it passed in 1906.
Behind his death, Alpha made an autopsy and found weird plates and eggs in the arms brain, of a guy who had never seen before.
The most amazing thing.
If you have been alive today, we couldn't give it more help than Alban gave it 11 years ago.
Albert was Dr. Allen Alzheimer's Dr.
And Audience Detail, the first patient to receive a diagnosis we now call Alzheimer's disease.
Since 1901, medicine has advanced a lot.
They have discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from the infections, many treatments for cancer, antiretroviral for HIV, stations for the citizens and much more.
But it has been programmed in the treatment of Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's for more than a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million worldwide.
But in 2050, it will affect 150 million people, by the way, including many of you.
If you wait to live until the age of 85 years or more, the chance to hire Alzheimer's will be almost one of two every two.
In other words, there is the chance that they spend their years with Alzheimer's or helping care to a friend or being loved with Alzheimer's.
In the United States, Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical assistance is spending in Alzheimer's disease.
Today it's the most expensive disease -- and its costs prevent a five times in 2050, as it gets older, the generation of the baby boom.
It may surprise you, but Alzheimer's one of the greatest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's done relatively little to fight it.
Today, one of the top 10 causes of death all over the world, Alzheimer's the only one that can't prevent, cure or even repair their development.
We understand less than Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in the research of the same.
The government in the U.S. spends 10 times more every year in cancer research that in the Alzheimer's research despite the fact that it costs more Alzheimer's and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause, lack of consciousness.
Because this is what few people know, but everybody should be, Alzheimer's a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 11 years, everyone, including scientists -- consumed Alzheimer's agent.
We think it's going to be silk in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But you only have to look at a picture of a healthy brain in comparison with a patient of Alzheimer's patient to see the real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to describing a severe loss of memory and mental skills, the damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer's reduces significantly life expectancy and it's always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found planes and weird streams in the brain of Audience a century ago.
For nearly a century, we didn't know much about this.
Today we know that they're made of protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds like an origami.
There are places in the role that are picked.
And when it folds well, these sticky dots end up inside the inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots stay on the outside.
This makes the protein molecules stand in each other, forming groups that can form large plates and helicopters.
That's what we see in the patient's brain with Alzheimer's brain.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this discount works.
There are a lot of steps, and the identification of what step is complex, like delivering a bomb.
Couch a cable could do nothing.
Couch others can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that blocked it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, at the most part, the cables have been reduced and waiting for the best.
But now there's a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, CEOs, chemistry, physicists, engineers, mathematicians.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process. Now it's testing a new kind of drugs that blocked up specifically this step to stop the disease.
I'll show you some of our last results.
No one outside our lab has seen it yet.
Let's see a few videos of what happened to test these drugs in worms.
These are the healthy worms and you can see that they move normally.
These worms -- on the other hand, have protein molecules that stick each other inside them, as in Americans with Alzheimer's and Alzheimer's members.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms on an early stage, then we see that they heal and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial outcome, but research like this shows that Alzheimer's a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 112 years of hope, there's real hope of what you can do in the next 10 or 20 years.
But in order to grow that hope, to beat Alzheimer's home, we need help.
It's not scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to convince us that Alzheimer's a disease and that if we try it, we can get it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and family have been more research and exercise on governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legislation.
That was essential to move forward in the HIV treatment in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to beat cancer.
But the patients of Alzheimer's often can't talk for themselves.
And their families, hidden victims, caregivers of their loved day and night, are often too waste to go out and advocate for change.
So it really depends on you.
Alzheimer's isn't in most cases a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Audience, who can't create the change they need for themselves.
They help speaking for them, and help demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article in the New York Times Modern column in January of this year.
To fall from somebody, do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the laboratory, and my own experience by testing myself a night last summer.
So the procedure is quite simple: two strangers are touched to make 36 and more personal questions and then both of them look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions of example.
Number 12: If you could wake tomorrow with a quality or skill, what would it be?
Number 28, when was the last time you cry to another person?
And just alone?
At the middle of that, these are more and more personal ones.
Number 30? This really likes me. Tell your partner what drives you out of him or her, I know very honest this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to somebody who has known.
When I stumbled through this study a few years ago, a detail really called me attention, the joke that two of the participants had been married six months later and invited all of the lab to the ceremony.
So it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but from then, I was also intrigued as well.
And when I had the occasion of testing this study, with someone who knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to move in.
However, we fell on, and I thought it was a good story, so I send it to the Column Amory a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's authentic, so I guess some of you probably ask yourself, do you follow together?
And the reason I think they are questioning this is because they've done this question over and over again in the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
A week before the paper was published, the paper was very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had forced me to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog entry can come to a few hundred views like a lot, and those were usually just my friends from Facebook and imagine that my article in the New York Times would be probably a few thousand views.
And that covered a good load of attention in a relatively new relationship.
But as he did, I had no idea.
The article was published in line a Friday night, and already the Saturday, this happened in the traffic of my blog.
And the Sunday had been called the Tod Show and the Google Mongo-chair America.
In a month, the article received more than eight million visit, and I was -- to say something -- little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster the confidence writing with sensitivity about own loving experiences, but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news -- and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people call or write, what they did every day for weeks, they always made the same question: You still follow together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search for my email of my email with the phrase, "Is they still together?
And several messages came immediately.
They were from students and journalists and spreads like this.
They interviewed me in the radio, and they asked it.
I even gave a talk, and a woman screaming up to the stage, "Hey Manhattan where your book is?
And immediately I got red.
I understand that this is part of the treatment.
If you write about your relationship in an international day, you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the wingspan of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have covered life.
In fact, the New York Times published a complementary article for San Valley, who included the experiences of readers by testing the study in them with different degrees of success.
So my first impulse before all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said not to every petition that we both make a public emergence together.
It took TV interviews, and I rejected the requests of pictures of us two.
I think I was afraid to become the invisible icons of the love process, a range that I didn't feel at the absolute chance.
And I understand that people didn't want to know only if the study worked, they wanted to know if it really worked -- or whether it was able to produce perfect love, not just an adventure, but real love, precisely love.
But this was a question that I didn't feel able to respond.
My relationship had just a few months, and I felt about, especially people were asking the wrong question.
How do you know if we continue to stay together or not, and also tell it?
If the answer was not, would the experience of doing these 36 questions less interesting questions?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in 1997 and there, the goal of the research was not producing romantic love.
Instead of that, I was looking for to foster international approaches between college students, using what American called Apple personal Adapy and progressive and reserves.
Sounds romantic, right?
But the study did work.
The participants felt closer after doing that, several previous studies also used the Framed Frank protocol prototype as a quick way of creating trust and interaction between strangers.
They have used it between members of police and community, and they've used it among people of opposite political ideology.
The original version of history, which tested last summer, who combine personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article, but unfortunately never published it.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a little university of liberal arts college, and then a student came up to me and told me with the study, I tried the studio and didn't work.
He seemed stymied for it.
And I said, "Do you mean you fell in love with the person who did it?
Well, he made a pause.
I think she just wants to be friends.
And I said, "But became better friends.
Do you feel that they could get better after testing the study?
The assistant.
So, worked, I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he was looking for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I stumbled with the study for the first time when I was 29, and I was going through a really difficult separation.
I had had that relationship since I was 20, which was pretty much all my life adulthood, and he was my first real love, and he had no idea how or if he could live without it.
So I flew in science.
I investigate all that I could find about the science of romantic love, and I hoped that that could actually be able to visualize the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment I thought I just researched for the book that I wrote, but in retrospect, it seems really obvious.
I thought that if I was working with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel as bad and used as I felt then.
And all this knowledge has been useful in one way.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more relaxed.
I have more confidence to demand what it looks for.
But I can also see me more clearly, and I can realize that what I look for is sometimes more than that you can take care of me.
What I look for love is a garbage, not just being loved today and being loved tomorrow, but still being loved by the person I love.
It may be that this is the guarantee that people ask when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that media told about the 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut.
There may be a way to mitigate something of the implicit risk, and this is a very alternative story, because it makes us feel beautifully, but it's also frightening.
But I think when it's the love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that I ask -- you still follow together?
And his content with an answer of yes or not.
So more than a question, I would propose that we ask more difficult questions, questions like, how do you decide who deserves your love and who doesn't?
How do you stay in love when things are competent?
How do you live with the uncertainty that inevitably delivers a relationship or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your partner?
I don't necessarily know answers to these questions, but I think they're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love somebody.
So if you want the short version of the history of my relationship, this is this: a year ago, a knowledge and I applied a study designed to create romantic love, we love, we still follow together, and I'm very happy.
But moving on is not the same thing to stay in.
So let's find the easy part.
So at the end of my article wrote, love didn't happen.
We stay in love because we take the choice of it.
And I got a little bit excited at reading it now, not because it's not true, but because at the time, I didn't consider everything that that choice was supposed to.
I won't consider how many times we would have both to make that decision, and how many times you have to keep doing that choice without knowing before if he always chooses me or not.
I want it to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, and I have chosen to love someone so generous and nice and fun and expressed that choice in the largest day in the United States.
But what I've done, in change, is to turn my relationship in the kind of myth that I don't really believe.
And what I look for, and what perhaps my life is looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the very happy end of implicit in the title of my item, which is, to purpose -- the only part of the article that I didn't really write about.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to choose to love someone, and the hope that he also loves me, and it's frightening, but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by a few legs in flat mountain, and in a certain way I got as a gender game.
The city of New York does a time ago --  -- something that really affected me but more detail later.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a wood box, and I buried a dollar of a dollar, a feather and a fork in her somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought that some strange humans or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example, how we eat the spaces.
He had no idea.
But anyway, it makes fun because here I am, 30 years later, and I'm still doing boxes.
At a moment I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from excuse and make surfing and all those weird things -- and I was doing a hive for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and I opened up all the pages and made a sort of crossed cells to the Standard Agnes Martin, and I covered them from resin, and a bee was stuck.
Well, my mother has fear to bees, and it's allergic to them, so I added more resins in the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, it happened: somehow it seemed to rise from size, as if it was you would look at the text with a magnifying puzzle.
So what did I do? I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs, strange bottles that I was finding on the street, all that I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate them and tell stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around the objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can flow transparent, draw the same way that you do around a break in the crime scene.
And I took the objects and created my own school team of specimens.
First, bitterness, what you can do an idea.
Then I made some weird insects and creatures.
It was very fun to draw in the rescue layers.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was winning some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, go to Sweden.
It was great, man.
At some point I'm interested in the human form -- strained resins of natural size resins with human beings inside the layers.
It was great, except for one thing, I move.
I didn't know what to do, because the resin was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing in the glass layers, similar to drawing in a window, then in another window, and another window, and I had all these windows together that they formed a three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the retina.
So I did this for years, and my work cultures with something very large, that I call a traffic."
For the traffic, I was inspired by the gravity of Heliums of Heliums of Heliums that is a painting in the Museum of the Park in Spain.
You know it?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of your time.
Well, the trafficking." I'll explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
5,000 feet long.
It has double face, so 10 meters of composition are.
It's a little bit weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left, there is Jesus and the logos.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds.
They go from the representation world, to this natural mesh infrastructure where they hide.
This is where creatures with animal heads are headed to the face, ready to suicide in mass in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements.
This is a bird god tied to a crazy.
Billy Graham is in the sea -- the Horse -- the oil platform of the developer -- Walker, the Osama Bin Redwood shelter -- there are all kinds of rare things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
You also have a kind of a drug.
It's coming out of the ocean, and it spits oil in a hand while the other hand comes out of clouds.
Their hands are like balances and it looks like a mythological being that keeps Earth and the cosmos in balance.
So it's an aspect of the traffic."
It's a little bit of a narrative.
That's the hand that I spit in.
And then, when you go to the other side, you have a trick, like a bird, and you spit clouds of this transport.
It also has a five-meter tail, a stream of snake that binds the traffic."
Anyway, his tail is presenting when you put on a volcano on a volcano.
I don't know why it happened.
Things that happen, you know.
His tail ends up in a biological hyper-regional clock made of terrorist cards in 1986.
Have you seen it?
They made in the 1980's, as if they were battle cards of the terrorists.
Very ahead of his time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects. One is called "people."
It's about a six-year-old project to do 100 of these human beings.
Each one is a archive of our culture, through media and material being encrypted, dictionary or reviewed.
But each act as a kind of file in ways of being human, and travel in groups of 20, four or 12.
They're like cells, they get together, they split.
And you can walk between them. It's getting years.
Each one is basically a microscope of microscopes that weighs 1,300 pounds with a human trapped inside.
This has a little cave on the chest.
That's the head -- there's the chest, you can understand the inside.
I'm going to encourage you for the rest of the body, there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and you cover the penis or notice, or whatever it is, a kind of analytical thing.
It's a quick refresher of these works because I can't explain them for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a body spent by half.
This has two heads and it's communicating between the two.
There are some pills coming out and enter the head of this strange statue in the head.
There's a little forest scene inside of the top cave.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, just like the boxes we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box. It's called Pinor Worldms.
Within this box there is a physicist, a neuroscience, a painter, a music, a radio, a radio, a radio, a school arm, a school, a school arm that spread all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
We have the box and all the people in the inside of each other as particles as particles.
And I think that's the way to change the world.
When you redefine who is and the box you're living in.
And together we get to realize that we're all together in this, that this illusion that we're different, these concepts of countries, of borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made from the same matter and the same box.
And if we don't start to swap those things with sweetness and generally we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you give your head?
They take an analytical.
But for this pill to have an effect against pain, first goes through the stomach, the bowels and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective and international system for any drug in the body.
The disadvantage though, however, is that when you bring it any drug is displaced.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When you take antiretroviral drugs, these are served to decrease the number of viruses in the blood, and increase the CD of CD.
But they are also known for their secondary effects of secondary effects, in their most negative, because in time they have to get to the blood stream, they display, and worse even for the time they have to get to their destination, which is where it's more important, in the HIV department.
These are regions of the body like the lymph galaxies, the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is integrated and not easily in the blood training of patients that are going to the regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after the disruption of treatment, viruses can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the great problem of HIV treatment with today's drugs that is a treatment of life conditioning by oral.
One day, I sat and I thought, "Could we make the treatment directly to the department of the virus, without the risk of display of medicines?
As a scientific expert in lasers, the answer was in front of me, the lasers of course.
If you use it in dentistry, for the care of wounds and surgery of diabetes, you can use for any imaginable thing, including the international transportation of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open or perpetuate horrific holes that open and close almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
The best one you say, "How is that possible?
We send a small and powerful beam laser on the cell membrane infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
laser leaves the cell, while the cell absorbs the drug in terms of microseconds.
Before even realizing it, the hole is incredibly represented.
We're now testing this technology in vitro or in Petri plates, but the goal is to bring this technology into the human body, apply to the human body.
"How is that possible? You can ask.
Well, the answer is, through a device of three heads.
With the first head, which is our laser, we will make an issue at the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, is headed to the site of infection.
Finally, the third head, an injection that distributes the drug, releases it directly in the site of infection, while laser is used again to keep the cells open.
Well, this doesn't seem a lot of time.
But one day, if it's successful, this technology can lead to the total eradication of HIV in the body.
Yeah. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all of the researchers of HIV in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've studied the non-state armed groups -- armed organizations like terrorists, instructions or military.
document what these groups do when they're not shooting.
My goal is to understand better of these generators of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to nonviolent confrontation, nonviolent conflict.
I do fieldwork in the world of politics and in the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solve almost every conflict in course, because war has changed.
It used to be a dispute between states.
Not anymore.
Now it's a conflict between states and actors.
For example, from the 212 prevented peace agreement between 1975 and 2011, 1960 was signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we have to understand these groups -- we should even engage them or defeat them in any process of successful conflict.
But how do we do it?
We have to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons why they fight, how they do it, but nobody analyzes what they do when they don't fight.
Auraling struggle and political policies are related.
Everything is part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less to defeat them, without a global vision.
The armed groups today are complex organizations.
For example, Hey released, known for their violent orientation against Israel.
From their creation in the 1980, Helf has also established a political game, a network of social services and a military device.
In the same way, the Palestinian Pakistan, known for its suicide attacks against Israel, also administered the Gaza France since 2007.
So these groups make more than just shooting.
They're multiplying.
They have a complex machinery of communication stations, radio stations, TV channels, Internet websites and strategies in social networks.
And here you have the Mrocal magazine review, in English and published to recruit it.
The armed groups also invest in a complex narrow of funds without sandwiches, but by religious businesses, for example, construction companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds, to recruit better and build their brand.
Arms are also doing something else: creating stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they make hospitals, they put together programs of professional formation or microscope.
Helium offers all these services and more.
Arms are also trying to conquer the population offering something that the state doesn't be with prepare, security and protection.
The ascent of the Taliban in an Afghanistan ripped by the war or even the beginning of the ISSI ascent can also understand the efforts of these groups to provide safety.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap left by the government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the election victory of 2006 in Palestinians can't understand without recognizing the social work of the group.
It's a really complex stage, even in the West, when we look at the armed groups, we just think of the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or the long-term vision.
These groups are hybrid.
They grow because they fill gaps left by government, and they emerge as armed groups and political groups, they participate in violent struggle and given governance.
And the more complex and the cosmologists are these organizations, less we can categorize them as something opposite to a state.
How do you call a group like Hey like He?
They dominate part of a territory, address all its functions -- collect the trash, turn the sewer system.
Is it a state? Is it a repeated group?
Or maybe it's another thing, something new and different.
And what is ISA?
The lines drop.
We live in a world of states, with no state and hybrids and the more weak the states, as in the Middle East, more intervened and fill that gap the non-governmental actors.
This is important for governments, because to counter these groups will have to invest more in non-lethal tools.
To fill that governance gap has to be at the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important to establish and make peace.
If we better understand armed groups, we will better understand what incentives to foster the transition of violence to non-violence.
In this new dispute between states and actors, the military power can win some coats, but it won't give us peace and stability.
To achieve these targets, we need long-term investments to fill that safety rate, to fill that governance of government that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist.
My opinions about gender equality are version, but I fear that accepted the feminist tag would be unfair for the feminists.
I'm a feminist, but pretty bad.
And so I was so pleased as a bad feminist.
Or, at least I wrote an article and a book called "The bad Few Few Few February: and then in interviews, people started calling me the Malary Feminist.
So what started as a personal joke to myself and a deliberate performance, has become something larger.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth and at the age of 20 years, I had strange ideas about the feminist, these furry women, angry with the men and they hated sex, as if it was something bad.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, seems a perfectly reasonable response.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that I was using people when they instantly could be female.
Being labeled as a feminist was an accusation.
They label me as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, which ask too much, with high self-esteem and dare to believe that it's equal or superior to a man.
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman, until it realizes that it's actually that woman and can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I went growing older, I started to accept that I am, in fact, feminist and also, proud to be.
For me, certain claims are strange: women are equal to men.
We deserve the same side for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want, free of steel or violence.
We have right to use easy and accessible the contraceptives and the reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, without needing for legislative controls or ever-handed doctors.
We have the right to the respect.
There's more.
When you talk about women's needs -- you have to keep our other identities.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, expression of gender, religion and sexuality, social condition, skills and much more.
We need to keep these differences and how they affect us, in the same way that matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are evident.
I'm full of contradictions.
There's a lot of things that make me a bad feminist here.
I have another confession.
When I drive the work, I listen to rap music saving the whole volume.
Even though the letter degrades to women and deeply offends me, the classic State San Are amazing that The YouTube And Twitter is incredible.
"Make your t-shirt.
Perrap, give it to you until you stop the concerned concern."
Think about it.
Poet poetry, isn't it?
I'm completely motivated by my musical taste.
I firmly believe in the work of the man, which is all I don't want to do, including --  all the domestic tasks -- but also killing insects, the falling of the stream, the captain of the grass and the machinery maintenance.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
I enjoy fashion magazines and beautiful things.
I can see the Baltimore and the Romantic comedy, and I have amazing fantasies of the fairy accounts that make it happen.
Some of my offenses are more disappeared.
If a woman wants to embrace the allergy of his husband, it's his choice, and I'm not who to judge.
If a woman decides to stay home to raise his children, I accept that election, too.
The problem is not economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is confident so that it makes women economically vulnerable when they choose to.
We solve this problem.
It rejected the conventional feminism that has ignored or destroyed historically the needs of women of color, workers and homosexual and transgendered women, for weapons and the large women, the middle class of middle and high.
Listen, if that's good female I'm a very bad female feminist.
It also happens this: As a feminist, I feel a lot of pressure pressure.
We have this tendency to put female female female females.
We hope that they will stay in perfection.
When you tell us, we're going to retire them with very much from the same pedestal where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster -- I really consider myself about that pedestal before you try to put me there.
Too many women, particularly innovators and sector leaders, are afraid of being tagged as feminists.
They're afraid to stand up and say, "Yes, I'm female for fear to what that tag means for fear to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to have a little realistic expectations.
Take the example of Beani, or as I call it, the God.
Over the last few years it's a decline feminist.
In the Vietnam Museum Africans in 2014, at MTV, I act in front of the word "fish "friend of three meters tall.
It was a fantastic show, to see this pop star in the lab openly embracing the feminism and to know women and young men who will be female is something to be proud of.
The time, the cultural critics started intense arguments whether Beach was or not exactly feminist.
They calculated their feminism instead of simply believing the word of an adult and mature woman.
We demanded perfection, because we're still struggling for a lot, we want a lot, we need so much a lot.
We go far beyond the sensible and constructive critic, to design the feminism of any woman -- show it until nothing left.
We don't need to do that.
The bad feminist, or rather, a more inclusive female is the point of part.
But what happens next?
We're going to recognize our imperasting imperasting impacts, go to action and be a little bit more brave.
If I listen to degrading music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy to provide a boundless supply.
These artists will not change their way of talking about women in their songs, until we demand change effectively affecting their profit.
It's certainly hard.
Why has its music to be so propagated?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worst election.
But when bad decisions justify this makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my song, three and four years old.
They're two magnificent girls, decision-like and bright and also very brave.
Where we are asked by the strong creatures that they are.
I think of them, suddenly, the best choice is visualized as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program is treated to sexual violence against women as a sports sport, the Tumor game.
We can change radio execution when we hear songs that treat women like nothing.
We can spend our money to go to the cinema in another part when movies don't treat women more than as decorative objects.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their peers like boxing sacks.
In any case, men, especially the white men, heterosexual men can say, "No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, to participate in your project, or work with you, until it doesn't include a number of women -- so much to participate as to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your public, or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people.
Those of us who are inspired but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also refuse to be included until more like us are welcome to overcome barriers to decision progress.
No longer we are personal people. No longer to adopt these positions -- our achievements are going to mean very little.
We can make these little value acts and expect our decisions to get to the top, people in the people in the direct and products of cinema and music products and cells, the legislatures -- people who can make great decisions, more courageous, to create lasting and significant change.
We can also claim our feminist, well, bad, or any of us.
The last line of my book called "The "The Ballett Few Few Penguin," says, "I will prepare to be a bad feminist not to be at all."
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say that, especially because I love my voice was stolen and feminism helped me get it.
There was an incident.
I call it incidental to deal with what happened.
A few kids gave me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
They treated me as if it was nothing.
I started to believe that it was nothing.
They stole my voice, and after I didn't dare to believe that I could say something that could matter.
But I was writing.
And I went back to writing.
I remember in a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write as myself.
I found my voice again, and I started believing that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through the writing and the feminism -- I also discovered that if I was a little brave, another woman might be able to hear me and look at it and realize that none of us is the thing that the world tries to say we are.
In one hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other, I hold the humiliation reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist -- I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my way of thinking, what I say and what I do, without abandoning everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope that we can all be a little bit brave, when you need such a value.
Right after Christmas last year, 133 children in California had measles for having visited Disneyland.
The virus then goes through the border with Canada, infected over 100 children in Khah.
One of the tragic things of this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with a weakened immune system, is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There is an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century ago, but many of the children involved in the Disneyland outbreak hadn't been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something supposedly even worse, autism.
But a moment, wasn't the article that unleashed the controversy about autism and the decentralized vaccines, determined and marked by being a fraud deliberate by the British Medical Journal Bronx."
Do you not believe most intelligent scientists that the theory of vaccines cause autism is a study?
I think most of you know it, but millions of parents around the world continue to have that vaccines put in danger to their children to have autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the estimates of autism increase in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and pediatricians who had heard about she believed all their professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, prevalence estimates went on just three or four children per 10,000 children.
But then, in the 1990s, the numbers started to stop.
Fortuness records like autism Spring are routinely referred to autism as an epidemic, as if it could be held from another child in Disneyland.
What's going on?
If you're not vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people from the Center of Disease Control Center what's going on, they tend to be based on phrases like "disrupted diagnostic criteria and "In better case detection to explain these growing figures.
But that kind of language doesn't diffuse a lot of the fears of a young mother who looks at the face of his two-year-old son -- visual contact.
If the diagnosis criteria had to assemble, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s?
Five years ago, I decided to discover answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less to do with the slow and crazy progress of science that with the security power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how it was discovered, but that story turned out to be happy, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact in global public health.
There was a second most accurate story of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of the clinical literature.
This second story tells us everything about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story begins with a child psychiatrists, Leo Kansas, from the Johns Hopkins Hospital in 1943, Kenya published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to be able to take private worlds and encourage people around their own, even to their own parents.
They could be able to amuse for hours to raise their hands before their faces before their faces, but they were present of the panic for often as when their favorite toys were placed in their usual place without knowing them.
Over the basis of patients treated in their clinic, Kanak speculated that autism is very rare.
By the 1950s, as a main authority of the world in the subject, I declare that he had seen less than 150 real cases of their syndrome as it harvests reports of places as far as South Africa.
This is actually not surprising, because the criteria of Kenya for autism diagnosis were very restrovible.
For example, I wanted to give that diagnosis to children with convinces, but now we know that epilepsy, is very common in autism.
Once he was glad that he had turned to nine of 10 children sent by other doctors to his office for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Hannah was an intelligent man, but part of his theories were no certainty.
It classified autism as a form of child psychologists caused by cold parents and disappeared.
These kids, he said, have been carefully maintained in a fridge that I don't respond.
At the same time, Kanni noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that clustered in certain areas like music, math and memory.
One of the children in your clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies, before I turned the two years.
When his mother put one of his favorite records, he correctly said, "Beethore."
But Kenya had a bad opinion of these skills affirming things like kids were simply regurgitating what they had heard of their parents, desperate to earn their adaptability.
As a result, autism became a source of shame for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own well becoming invisible for the overall world.
Amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s, that researchers started testing the theory of Kenya that autism was rare.
Larry Window, the cognitive psychologist of London, thought that the mother of the mother mothers in Kenya was quite stupid.
She and his husband John were warm and affectionate people, and they had a profound autistic daughter called Susie.
London and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Susie without support services, no special education, and no access to other resources without a diagnosis of it.
To defend before the National Science Service, they needed more resources for autistic children and their families, London, and his colleague Judith Gould decided to do something that should be done 30 years before.
They conducted a prevention study of autism in the general population.
They penetrated a suburb of London called Christmas to try to find the children autistic in the community.
What they saw was clear that the Mandela model was too limited, because the reality of autism was a lot more colorful and diverse.
Some children couldn't talk at all, while others were imprisoned in their fascination for astronaut, in the dinosaurs or the genealogy of the reality.
Otherwise, these children didn't fit in nice boxes and sticks like Julie, and they saw a lot more than the monolithic model of Kenya would have predicted.
At first, they were lost for trying to make sense of their data.
How did no one have been done from these children before?
But then London found a reference to an article published in German in 1944, the next year to the Karl article, and then he forgotten, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Hannah knew about this property of competition, but I avoided supportive to mention in his own work.
There was no even a translation to English, but luckily, the husband of London talked German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative story of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Apper who runs an integrated clinic with an intermediate school in Vienna, in the 1930s.
The ideas of Apple for teaching children were properties even for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with music exercise classes with music, and children followed their games on Sunday.
Instead of blaming parents to cause autism, Apprentice described as a political disability of life that required compassionate ways of support and spaces adapted during the course of life.
Instead of treating children in their clinic as patients, Apple called them their little teachers, and it was dedicated to help the development of education methods that were especially suitable for them.
So fundamentally, Apple saw autism as a diverse continuum that would have an amazing variety of donor and disabled.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common and they always have been, watching aspects of this continuum in architects known in the pop culture as the top social scientist and the distributed profession.
He was more there even to say, that for success in science and art, a little bit of autism is essential.
London and Judith found that Kenya was wrong when autism was inexpected, as well as parents were the causalists.
Over the next few years, they worked in silence with the American Association of psychiatry to expand the criteria of the diagnosis that would reflect the diversity of what they called "the "Intervening spectrosphore."
At the end of the '80s and early 1990s, their changes came into a car, by replacing the limited model of Kenya by one wide and even Apper in Apple.
These changes didn't fall in broken story.
Occasionally, when London and Julie worked between the basis to reform these criteria, people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before "We came out of Randhood Manya in 1988, just a little circle, throw up by experts knew what the autism was, but after the relentless act of Dusty Harvard as Rama Borton and the recognition of Randhood Manhattan and the recognition of Randhood Manhattan with four awards of academia -- psychiatrists, teachers, teachers and fathers all over the world knew what the autism was.
At the same time, they introduced the first easy clinical trials to use autism.
I didn't have to have a connection with that little circle of experts to make a diagnosis for his son.
The combination of Randa Man" changes in the criteria and the introduction of these tests created an effect of network, a perfect storm of autism consciousness.
The number of diagnostics started to get up, like Lartin and Jupiter, in fact hoped that it would be, getting people with autism and their families finally get the support and services that they deserve.
So Andrew Walk came to blame vaccines for the increase in the diagnosis, a simple, powerful and seductive history story as bad as Kantra theory that autism was inexpected.
If the current estimate of the prevention center that one of the 68 children in America are in the spectrum, it's right, autism are one of the largest minority groups in the world.
Over the last few years, autistic people have joined on the Internet to reject the idea that they are the puzzles for solving for new medical advances -- the term neuron to celebrate the variety of human cognition.
One way to understand neuroscience is to think of terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows, doesn't mean it's broken.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distributed, obviously, and it suffers from an attention deficit to detail.
No doubt, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching April, which believed that the cure for the most unacceptable aspects of autism are found in the understanding of teachers, employees with capacity, support communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
A autistic woman named Zuck Grands once said, "We need all the hands in cover to understand the ship of humanity."
While we navigate to an uncertain future, we need all forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't afford to waste not a brain.
Thank you.